
1. Intracellular free Mg2+ and MgATP2- in coordinate control of protein synthesis
and cell proliferation.

Rubin H(3).
In: Vink R(1), Nechifor M(2), editors. Magnesium in the Central Nervous System
[Internet]. Adelaide (AU): University of Adelaide Press; 2011.

Author information: 
(1)Discipline of Anatomy and Pathology & Adelaide Centre for Neuroscience
Research, School of Medical Sciences, The University of Adelaide, Adelaide, South
Australia, Australia
(2)Department of Pharmacology, ¡§Gr. T. Popa¡¨ University of Medicine and Pharmacy,
Iasi, Romania
(3)Department of Molecular and Cell Biology, Life Sciences Addition, University
of California, Berkeley, CA 94720-3200, USA

Specific and non-specific mitogens stimulate the proliferation of cultured
fibroblasts. They also stimulate other responses that are part of a coordinate
response, some members of which are essential for proliferation and others that
are not. The synthesis of protein is an early response to mitogens and its
continuation through the G1 period drives the accumulation of protein which is
required for the initiation of DNA synthesis hours later. The parabola-like curve
for dependence of protein synthesis on intracellular Mg2+ concentration is
similar to that of cell-free ribosome preparations, and is later reflected in the
initiation of DNA synthesis. Hence, DNA synthesis is dependent on the rate of
protein synthesis which is regulated by the concentration of intracellular Mg2+. 
Presumably free Mg2+ is an indicator of the fraction of ATP4- that is complexed
with Mg2+ as MgATP2-, which is the immediate regulatory form. Uridine uptake is
determined by its phosphorylation, which is also dependent on intracellular Mg2+ 
in the coordinate response, but unlike protein synthesis, neither influences DNA 
synthesis nor exhibits downturn at a high Mg2+ concentration. Intracellular free 
Mg2+ determines the onset of protein synthesis in activated frog oocytes and its 
rate in lymphocytes. Mg2+ regulation of protein synthesis is effected through the
PI 3-K pathway at mTOR phosphorylation of two translation-regulating proteins.
Regulation of proliferation by Mg2+ is lost in transformed cells. Mg2+ and
MgATP2- apparently play a central role in the regulation of metabolism in a wide 
variety of cells and developmental stages across the animal kingdom.

PMID: 29920017 


2. The role of magnesium in CNS injury.

Cook NL(3), Corrigan F(3), van den Heuvel C(3).
In: Vink R(1), Nechifor M(2), editors. Magnesium in the Central Nervous System
[Internet]. Adelaide (AU): University of Adelaide Press; 2011.

Author information: 
(1)Discipline of Anatomy and Pathology & Adelaide Centre for Neuroscience
Research, School of Medical Sciences, The University of Adelaide, Adelaide, South
Australia, Australia
(2)Department of Pharmacology, ¡§Gr. T. Popa¡¨ University of Medicine and Pharmacy,
Iasi, Romania
(3)Discipline of Anatomy and Pathology & Adelaide Centre for Neuroscience
Research, School of Medical Sciences, The University of Adelaide, Adelaide, South
Australia 5005, Australia.

Traumatic injury to the central nervous system (CNS) is a leading cause of
morbidity and mortality, and represents a significant public health issue.
Despite intensive research, no effective neuroprotective therapy exists, and
survivors of CNS injury, including traumatic brain injury (TBI) and spinal cord
injury (SCI), can be left with severe disabilities that require long-term
rehabilitation. Much of the damage that occurs after TBI and SCI develops over
time with the primary injury initiating a secondary injury cascade made up of
deleterious biochemical and pathophysiological reactions. This delayed
development of secondary injury provides a vital opportunity for therapeutic
intervention and considerable effort is currently being directed toward
identifying these injury factors and developing interventions that may
potentially prevent their actions. Magnesium (Mg2+) decline has been identified
as playing a key role in the secondary injury process, in part because of its
central role in the regulation of a large number of known injury factors and that
its decline is associated with the development of motor and cognitive deficits.
Mg2+ administration has been extensively investigated both preclinically in TBI
and SCI and clinically as a neuroprotectant in TBI with varied success. This
chapter focuses on the role of Mg2+ in TBI and SCI pathophysiology, with
particular emphasis on Mg2+ as a potential therapeutic agent.

PMID: 29920016 


3. Brain free magnesium homeostasis as a target for reducing cognitive aging.

Billard JM(3).
In: Vink R(1), Nechifor M(2), editors. Magnesium in the Central Nervous System
[Internet]. Adelaide (AU): University of Adelaide Press; 2011.

Author information: 
(1)Discipline of Anatomy and Pathology & Adelaide Centre for Neuroscience
Research, School of Medical Sciences, The University of Adelaide, Adelaide, South
Australia, Australia
(2)Department of Pharmacology, ¡§Gr. T. Popa¡¨ University of Medicine and Pharmacy,
Iasi, Romania
(3)Universite Paris Descartes, Faculte de Medecine Rene Descartes, Centre de
Psychiatrie et Neurosciences, UMR 894, Paris, France.

In the general deterioration of physiological functions that takes place in
aging, the prevalence of cognitive impairments, and particularly of those related
to learning and memory, makes these deficits a major concern of public health.
Although the exact nature of cellular and molecular substrates underlying
learning and memory still remains an open issue for the neurobiologist, the
current hypothesis assumes that it is determined by the capacity of brain
neuronal networks to express short- and long-term changes in synaptic strength.
Accordingly, the capacity of functional plasticity is impaired in the brain of
aged memory-deficient animals. Short-term changes in synaptic transmission
closely depend on transmitter release and neuronal excitability while long-term
modifications are mainly related to the activation of the N-methyl-D-aspartate
receptor (NMDA-R), a subtype of glutamate receptors. Because transmitter release,
neuronal excitability and NMDA-R activation are modulated by magnesium (Mg2+), a 
change in brain Mg2+ homeostasis could affect synaptic strength and plasticity in
neuronal networks and consequently could alter memory capacities. In addition,
alteration of brain Mg2+ levels could be regarded as a possible mechanism
contributing to cognitive aging. According to these postulates, long-term
increase in Mg2+ levels facilitates the conversion of synapses to a plastic state
while learning and memory capacities are enhanced in adult animals fed with a
diet enriched in Mg2+-L-threonate, a treatment that significantly elevates brain 
Mg2+ levels. Because Mg2+-L-threonate also improves learning and memory in aged
animals, the regulation of brain Mg2+ homeostasis may therefore be regarded as a 
relevant target for the development of new pharmacological strategies aimed at
minimizing cognitive aging.

PMID: 29920011 


4. Magnesium in the Central Nervous System [Internet].

Vink R(1), Nechifor M(2), editors.
Adelaide (AU): University of Adelaide Press; 2011.

Author information: 
(1)Discipline of Anatomy and Pathology & Adelaide Centre for Neuroscience
Research, School of Medical Sciences, The University of Adelaide, Adelaide, South
Australia, Australia
(2)Department of Pharmacology, ¡§Gr. T. Popa¡¨ University of Medicine and Pharmacy,
Iasi, Romania

Our understanding of the physiology and biochemistry of the brain has improved
dramatically in the last two decades. In particular, the critical role of
cations, including magnesium, has become evident, even if incompletely understood
at a mechanistic level. The exact role and regulation of magnesium in particular 
remains elusive, largely because intracellular levels are so difficult to
routinely quantify. Nonetheless, the importance of magnesium to normal central
nervous system actvity is self-evident given the complicated homeostatic
mechanisms that maintain the concentration of this cation within strict limits
essential for normal physiology and metabolism. There is also considerable
accumulating evidence to suggest alterations to some brain functions in both
normal and pathological conditions may be linked to alterations in local
magnesium concentration. This book, containing chapters written by some of the
foremost experts in the field of magnesium research, brings together the latest
in experimental and clinical magnesium research as it relates to the central
nervous system. It offers a complete and updated view of magnesium¡¦s involvement 
in central nervous system function and in so doing, brings together two main
pillars of contemporary neuroscience research, namely providing an explanation
for the molecular mechanisms involved in brain function, and emphasizing the
connections between the molecular changes and behaviour. It is the untiring
efforts of those magnesium researchers who have dedicated their lives to
unraveling the mysteries of magnesium¡¦s role in biological systems that has
inspired the collation of this volume of work.

PMID: 29919999 


5. Environ Microbiol. 2018 Jun 19. doi: 10.1111/1462-2920.14295. [Epub ahead of
print]

Metabolic flexibility of a prospective bioremediator: Desulfitobacterium
hafniense Y51 challenged in chemostats.

Marozava S(1), Vargas-Lopez R(2), Tian Y(3), Merl-Pham J(4), Braster M(2),
Meckenstock RU(1), Smidt H(3), Roling WFM(2), Westerhoff HV(2)(5)(6).

Author information: 
(1)Institute of Groundwater Ecology, Helmholtz Zentrum Munchen, Ingolstadter
Landstrase 1, 85764 Neuherberg, Germany.
(2)Molecular Cell Physiology, Faculty of Science, VU University Amsterdam, De
Boelelaan 1085, 1081 HV Amsterdam, The Netherlands.
(3)Laboratory of Microbiology, Wageningen University, Wageningen, The
Netherlands.
(4)Research Unit Protein Science, Helmholtz Zentrum Munchen, Ingolstadter
Landstrase 1, 85764 Neuherberg, Germany.
(5)Synthetic Systems Biology, SILS, University of Amsterdam.
(6)Manchester Centre for Integrative Systems Biology, School of Chemical
Engineering and Analytical Science, University of Manchester.

Desulfitobacterium hafniense Y51 has been widely used in investigations of
perchloroethylene (PCE) biodegradation, but limited information exists on its
other physiological capabilities. We investigated how D. hafniense Y51 confronts 
the debilitating limitations of not having enough electron donor (lactate), or
electron acceptor (fumarate) during cultivation in chemostats. The residual
concentrations of the substrates supplied in excess were much lower than
expected. Transcriptomics, proteomics, and fluxomics were integrated to
investigate how this phenomenon was regulated. Through diverse regulation at both
transcriptional and translational levels, strain Y51 turned to fermenting the
excess lactate and disproportionating the excess fumarate under fumarate- and
lactate-limiting conditions, respectively. Genes and proteins related to the
utilization of a variety of alternative electron donors and acceptors absent from
the medium were induced, apparently involving the Wood-Ljungdahl pathway. Through
this metabolic flexibility, D. hafniense Y51 may be able to switch between
different metabolic capabilities under limiting conditions. This article is
protected by copyright. All rights reserved.

c 2018 Society for Applied Microbiology and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.

DOI: 10.1111/1462-2920.14295 
PMID: 29921035 


6. Wiley Interdiscip Rev RNA. 2018 Jun 19:e1489. doi: 10.1002/wrna.1489. [Epub ahead
of print]

RNA methylation in nuclear pre-mRNA processing.

Covelo-Molares H(1), Bartosovic M(1), Vanacova S(1).

Author information: 
(1)CEITEC, Masaryk University, Brno, Czech Republic.

Eukaryotic RNA can carry more than 100 different types of chemical modifications.
Early studies have been focused on modifications of highly abundant RNA, such as 
ribosomal RNA and transfer RNA, but recent technical advances have made it
possible to also study messenger RNA (mRNA). Subsequently, mRNA modifications,
namely methylation, have emerged as key players in eukaryotic gene expression
regulation. The most abundant and widely studied internal mRNA modification is N6
-methyladenosine (m6 A), but the list of mRNA chemical modifications continues to
grow as fast as interest in this field. Over the past decade, transcriptome-wide 
studies combined with advanced biochemistry and the discovery of methylation
writers, readers, and erasers revealed roles for mRNA methylation in the
regulation of nearly every aspect of the mRNA life cycle and in diverse cellular,
developmental, and disease processes. Although large parts of mRNA function are
linked to its cytoplasmic stability and regulation of its translation, a number
of studies have begun to provide evidence for methylation-regulated nuclear
processes. In this review, we summarize the recent advances in RNA methylation
research and highlight how these new findings have contributed to our
understanding of methylation-dependent RNA processing in the nucleus. This
article is categorized under: RNA Processing > RNA Editing and Modification RNA
Processing > Splicing Regulation/Alternative Splicing RNA Interactions with
Proteins and Other Molecules > Protein-RNA Interactions: Functional Implications.

c 2018 The Authors. WIREs RNA published by Wiley Periodicals, Inc.

DOI: 10.1002/wrna.1489 
PMID: 29921017 


7. Environ Microbiol. 2018 Jun 19. doi: 10.1111/1462-2920.14293. [Epub ahead of
print]

Extensive nitrification and active ammonia oxidizers in two contrasting coastal
systems of the Baltic Sea.

Happel E(1), Bartl I(2), Voss M(2), Riemann L(1).

Author information: 
(1)Marine Biological Section, Department of Biology, University of Copenhagen,
Helsingor, Denmark.
(2)Department of Biological Oceanography, Leibniz Institute for Baltic Sea
Research (IOW), Rostock, Germany.

Nitrification is important in nitrogen (N) cycling of aquatic environments, but
knowledge about its regulation and importance is sparse. Here we examined
nitrification and ammonia oxidizers in the Baltic Sea. We investigated two sites 
with different catchment characteristics (agricultural and forest), the Bay of
Gdansk (south) and the Ore Estuary (north), and measured pelagic nitrification
rates and abundance, composition, and expression of ammonia monooxygenase (amoA) 
genes. Highest nitrification rates were found in the nutrient rich Bay of Gda?sk.
Interestingly, abundances of ammonia-oxidizing archaea (AOA) and bacteria (AOB)
were orders of magnitude lower than reported from other sites. Although AOA were 
most abundant at both sites, the highest expression levels were from AOB.
Interestingly, few AOA and AOB taxa dominated amoA gene expression, with a
Nitrosomarinus related phylotype showing widespread expression. AOA and AOB
communities differed between sites and depths, respectively, with the composition
in rivers being distinct. A storm event, causing an even depth distribution of
nitrification and particles in the Bay of Gda?sk, indicated that the presence of 
particles stimulate nitrification. The study highlights coastal regions as
dynamic sites of extensive pelagic nitrification, which may affect local food web
dynamics and loss of N mediated by denitrification. This article is protected by 
copyright. All rights reserved.

c 2018 Society for Applied Microbiology and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.

DOI: 10.1111/1462-2920.14293 
PMID: 29921003 


8. Genes Cells. 2018 Jun 19. doi: 10.1111/gtc.12605. [Epub ahead of print]

Involvement of the luteinizing hormone surge in the regulation of ovary and
oviduct clock gene expression in mice.

Kobayashi M(1), Watanabe K(1), Matsumura R(2), Anayama N(1), Miyamoto A(1),
Miyazaki H(3), Miyazaki K(4), Shimizu T(1), Akashi M(2).

Author information: 
(1)Graduate School of Animal and Food Hygiene, Obihiro University of Agriculture 
and Veterinary Medicine, Obihiro, Hokkaido, Japan.
(2)The Research Institute for Time Studies, Yamaguchi University, Yamaguchi,
Yamaguchi, Japan.
(3)Gene Research Center, University of Tsukuba, Tsukuba, Ibaraki, Japan.
(4)Biomedical Research Institute, National Institute of Advanced Industrial
Science and Technology (AIST), Tsukuba, Ibaraki, Japan.

Circadian dysfunction perturbs the female reproductive cycle. In particular, mice
lacking the clock gene Bmal1 show severe infertility, implying that BMAL1 plays
roles in ovulation and luteinization. Here, we examined temporal changes in clock
gene expression in the ovary and oviduct before and during gonadotropin-induced
follicular growth, ovulation, and luteinization in sexually immature mice. While 
the oviduct did not show a drastic change in clock gene expression, Bmal1
expression in the ovary was higher than that in control mice during the period
from 4 to 16?hr after human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) administration. Bmal1
expression reached a maximum at 16?hr after hCG administration, when follicle
luteinization occurred. In an interesting manner, administration of hCG to ex
vivo-cultured oviduct triggered a shorter circadian period and inevitably
resulted in phase advance. Together, our present data suggest that LH surge
induces continuous expression of BMAL1 in the mouse ovary and modulates circadian
phase in the mouse oviduct.

c 2018 Molecular Biology Society of Japan and John Wiley & Sons Australia, Ltd.

DOI: 10.1111/gtc.12605 
PMID: 29920869 


9. Pediatr Int. 2018 Jun 19. doi: 10.1111/ped.13636. [Epub ahead of print]

Down-regulation of CD5 and dysregulated CD8+ T-cell activation.

Wada T(1).

Author information: 
(1)Department of Pediatrics, School of Medicine, Institute of Medical,
Pharmaceutical and Health Sciences, Kanazawa University, Kanazawa, Japan.

CD5 is a cell surface molecule that is expressed on most circulating T cells and 
a small population of B cells and is involved in modulation of antigen-specific
receptor-mediated activation. Down-regulation of CD5 on CD8+ T cells is a poorly 
understood but increasingly recognized phenomenon that may be associated with
dysregulated T-cell activation. An increased subpopulation of activated CD8+ T
cells with down-regulation of CD5 has recently been described in patients with
Epstein-Barr virus-associated hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis (HLH) and
familial HLH caused by perforin deficiency and Munc 13-4 deficiency. These cells 
were detectable only in the acute phase of HLH, in which patients exhibited
hypercytokinemia, and declined progressively after successful treatment in
parallel with improvement of systemic inflammation. It is unknown whether CD8+ T 
cells from HLH with other causes have similar profiles. Assessment of CD5
expression on T cells has the potential to assist in understanding of the
diagnosis and pathogenesis of human inflammatory diseases such as HLH. This
article is protected by copyright. All rights reserved.

This article is protected by copyright. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1111/ped.13636 
PMID: 29920868 


10. Dev Sci. 2018 Jun 19:e12689. doi: 10.1111/desc.12689. [Epub ahead of print]

Mothers' and fathers' mind-mindedness influences physiological emotion regulation
of infants across the first year of life.

Zeegers MAJ(1), de Vente W(1), Nikoli? M(1), Majdand?i? M(1), Bogels SM(1),
Colonnesi C(1).

Author information: 
(1)Research Institute of Child Development and Education, University of
Amsterdam, Amsterdam, The Netherlands.

The main aim of this study was to test whether mothers' (n = 116) and fathers' (n
= 116) mind-mindedness predicts infants' physiological emotion regulation (heart 
rate variability; HRV) across the first year of life. Three hypotheses were
examined: (a) parents' mind-mindedness at 4 and 12 months predicts infants' HRV
at 12 months over and above infants' initial HRV levels at 4 months, (b) mothers'
and fathers' mind-mindedness independently predict infant HRV, and (c) the
effects of mind-mindedness on infant HRV (partially) operate via parenting
behaviour. Infants' HRV was assessed during rest and a stranger approach.
Mind-mindedness was assessed by calculating the proportions of appropriate and
non-attuned mind-related comments during free-play interactions, and parenting
quality was observed at 4 and 12 months in the same interactions. Path analyses
showed that mothers' appropriate mind-related comments at 4 and 12 months
predicted higher baseline HRV at 12 months, whereas mothers' non-attuned comments
predicted lower baseline HRV at 12 months. Similar, but concurrent, relations
were found for fathers' appropriate and non-attuned mind-related comments and
infant baseline HRV at 12 months. In addition, fathers' appropriate mind-related 
comments showed an indirect association with infant baseline HRV at 12 months via
fathers' parenting quality. With regard to infant HRV reactivity during the
stranger approach, mothers' appropriate mind-related comments at 4 months and
fathers' non-attuned mind-related comments at 12 months predicted a larger HRV
decline during the stranger approach at 12 months. Infants' HRV at 4 months did
not predict parents' later mind-mindedness. The results indicate that mothers'
and fathers' appropriate and non-attuned mind-related speech uniquely impacts the
development of infants' physiological emotion regulation.

c 2018 The Authors. Developmental Science Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.

DOI: 10.1111/desc.12689 
PMID: 29920863 


11. Mol Ecol. 2018 Jun 19. doi: 10.1111/mec.14769. [Epub ahead of print]

Evolution of heat-shock protein expression underlying adaptive responses to
environmental stress.

Chen B(1), Feder ME(2), Kang L(1).

Author information: 
(1)State Key Laboratory of Integrated Management of Pest Insects and Rodents,
Institute of Zoology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, 100101, China.
(2)Department of Organismal Biology and Anatomy, The University of Chicago,
60637, Chicago, Illinois, United States of America.

Heat-shock proteins (Hsps) and their cognates are primary mitigators of cell
stress. With increasingly severe impacts of climate change and other human
modifications of the biosphere, the ability of the heat-shock system to affect
evolutionary fitness in environments outside the laboratory and to evolve in
response are topics of growing importance. Since the last major reviews, several 
advances have occurred. First, demonstrations of the heat-shock response outside 
the laboratory now include many additional taxa and environments. Many of these
demonstrations are only correlative, however. More importantly, technical
advances in "omic" quantification of nucleic acids and proteins, genome-wide
association analysis, and manipulation of genes and their expression have enabled
the field to move beyond correlation. Several consequent advances are already
evident: The pathway from heat-shock gene expression to stress tolerance in
nature can be extremely complex, mediated through multiple biological processes
and systems, and even multiple species. The underlying genes are more numerous,
diverse, and variable than previously appreciated, especially with respect to
their regulatory variation and epigenetic changes. The impacts and limitations
(e.g., due to trade-offs) of natural selection on these genes have become more
obvious and better established. Finally, as evolutionary capacitors Hsps may have
distinctive impacts on the evolution of other genes and ecological consequences. 
This article is protected by copyright. All rights reserved.

This article is protected by copyright. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1111/mec.14769 
PMID: 29920826 


12. Biomed Chromatogr. 2018 Jun 19:e4321. doi: 10.1002/bmc.4321. [Epub ahead of
print]

Protective Effects of Timosaponin BII on Oxidative Stress damage in PC12 cells
Based on Metabolomic.

Xie Q(1)(2), Zhao H(3), Li N(3), Su L(3), Xu X(1), Hong Z(3).

Author information: 
(1)Shanghai Institute of Technology, Shanghai, China.
(2)Department of Pharmacy, Eastern Hepatobiliary Surgery Hospital, Shanghai,
China.
(3)School of Pharmacy, Second Military Medical University, Shanghai, China.

Peroxide and oxygen free radical are parts of the causes of oxidative stress in
brain tissue, which could lead to the change of brain structure and function.
Besides, oxidative damage is one of the most important causes of the aging of the
vast majority of tissues. The aim of this study is to investigate the protective 
effect of Timosaponin BII on oxidative stress damage of PC12 induced by H2 O2
using metabolomics based on the UHPLC-Q-TOF-MS technique. Partial least-squares
discriminant analysis (PLS-DA) method was used to identify 35 metabolites as
decisive marker compounds that preliminary interpret the mechanism of
antioxidative effect of Timosaponin BII. The majority of these metabolites were
involved in the glutathione metabolism, amino acid metabolism, sphingolipid and
glycerophospholipid metabolism. Our results suggest that Timosaponin BII
demonstrating systematic antioxidant effects in PC12 oxidative damage cell model 
via the regulation of multiple metabolic pathways. These findings provide insight
into the pathophysiological mechanisms underlying oxidative stress damage and
suggest innovative and effective treatments for this disorder, which provided a
reliable basis for the development of novel therapeutic target in timosaponin BII
treatment of oxidative stress.

This article is protected by copyright. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1002/bmc.4321 
PMID: 29920723 


13. Dev Growth Differ. 2018 Jun 19. doi: 10.1111/dgd.12543. [Epub ahead of print]

Dorsoventral differences in cAMP levels and correlated changes in the subcellular
distribution of the PKA catalytic domain, provide further evidence that PKA
signaling coordinates dorsoventral patterning of the otocyst.

Ohta S(1), Schoenwolf GC(1).

Author information: 
(1)Department of Neurobiology and Anatomy, University of Utah School of Medicine,
Salt Lake City, Utah.

Dorsoventral (DV) patterning of the otocyst gives rise to formation of the
morphologically and functionally complex membranous labyrinth composed of unique 
dorsal and ventral sensory organs. DV patterning results from extracellular
signaling by secreted growth factors, which presumably form reciprocal
concentration gradients across the DV axis of the otocyst. Previous work
suggested a model in which two important growth factors, bone morphogenetic
protein (BMP) and SHH, undergo crosstalk through an intersecting pathway to
coordinate DV patterning. cAMP-dependent protein kinase A (PKA) lies at the heart
of this pathway. Here, we provide further evidence that PKA signaling coordinates
DV patterning, showing that both BMPs and SHH regulate cAMP levels, with BMPs
increasing levels in the dorsal otocyst and SHH decreasing levels in the ventral 
otocyst. This, in turn, results in regional changes in the subcellular
distribution of the catalytic domain of PKA, as well as DV regulation of PKA
activity, increasing it dorsally and decreasing it ventrally. These new results
fill an important gap in our previous understanding of how ligand signaling acts 
intracellularly during otocyst DV patterning and early morphogenesis, thereby
initiating the series of events leading to formation of the inner ear sensory
organs that function in balance and hearing.

c 2018 Japanese Society of Developmental Biologists.

DOI: 10.1111/dgd.12543 
PMID: 29920660 


14. Drug Res (Stuttg). 2018 Jun 19. doi: 10.1055/a-0631-8046. [Epub ahead of print]

Synergistic Anti-proliferative Effects of Metformin and Silibinin Combination on 
T47D Breast Cancer Cells via hTERT and Cyclin D1 Inhibition.

Chatran M(1), Pilehvar-Soltanahmadi Y(1)(2)(3), Dadashpour M(1)(2), Faramarzi
L(1)(2), Rasouli S(2), Jafari-Gharabaghlou D(4), Asbaghi N(2), Zarghami
N(1)(2)(3)(4).

Author information: 
(1)Department of Medical Biotechnology, Faculty of Advanced Medical Sciences,
Tabriz University of Medical Sciences, Tabriz, Iran.
(2)Hematology and Oncology Research Center, Tabriz University of Medical
Sciences, Tabriz, Iran.
(3)Stem Cell Research Center, Tabriz University of Medical Sciences, Tabriz,
Iran.
(4)Department of Clinical Biochemistry and Laboratory Sciences, Faculty of
Medicine, Tabriz University of Medical Sciences, Tabriz, Iran.

BACKGROUND: There is a growing body of data that chemotherapeutic combination
strategies would be more effective in reducing drug toxicity, inhibiting tumor
progression in comparison to either drug alone.
OBJECTIVE: To explore a chemopreventive strategy for improving breast cancer
treatment efficacy, the anticancer effects of a combination of Metformin (MET)
and Silibinin (SIL) were investigated in T47D breast cancer cells.
MATERIALS AND METHODS: Cytotoxicity of the drugs individually and in combination 
was evaluated using MTT assay. The precise nature of the interaction between MET 
and SIL was further analyzed through the median-effect method. In addition,
qRT-PCR was applied to determine the expression levels of hTERT and cyclin D1
genes after 48?h drug exposure.
RESULTS: MTT assays showed that MET and SIL individually inhibited the cell
viability in a dose and time-dependent manner, and the obtained combination
indices (CIs) were<1 for all the combination treatments, indicating that the
anticancer agents synergistically induced growth inhibition in the breast cancer 
cells. qPCR findings revealed that the drug combination also synergistically
down-regulated the expression levels of hTERT and cyclin D1 at all used
concentrations compared with the drugs used alone after 48?h treatment (P?0.05).
CONCLUSION: The results provide evidence that synergistic antiproliferative
effects of MET and SIL, linking to the down-regulation of Cyclin D1 and hTERT
genes, and propose that MET+SIL may have therapeutic value in breast cancer
therapy.

c Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart ¡P New York.

DOI: 10.1055/a-0631-8046 
PMID: 29920623 

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no conflict of
interest.


15. PLoS One. 2018 Jun 19;13(6):e0199392. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0199392.
eCollection 2018.

Whole blood transcriptome changes following controlled human malaria infection in
malaria pre-exposed volunteers correlate with parasite prepatent period.

Rothen J(1)(2), Murie C(3), Carnes J(4), Anupama A(4), Abdulla S(5), Chemba M(5),
Mpina M(1)(2)(5), Tanner M(1)(2), Lee Sim BK(6), Hoffman SL(6), Gottardo R(3),
Daubenberger C(1)(2), Stuart K(4).

Author information: 
(1)Department of Medical Parasitology and Infection Biology, Swiss Tropical and
Public Health Institute, Basel, Switzerland.
(2)University of Basel, Basel, Switzerland.
(3)Vaccine and Infectious Disease Division, Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research
Center, Seattle, Washington, United States of America.
(4)Center for Infectious Disease Research, Seattle, Washington, United States of 
America.
(5)Bagamoyo Research and Training Centre, Ifakara Health Institute, Bagamoyo,
Tanzania.
(6)Sanaria Inc., Rockville, Maryland, United States of America.

Malaria continues to be one of mankind's most devastating diseases despite the
many and varied efforts to combat it. Indispensable for malaria elimination and
eventual eradication is the development of effective vaccines. Controlled human
malaria infection (CHMI) is an invaluable tool for vaccine efficacy assessment
and investigation of early immunological and molecular responses against
Plasmodium falciparum infection. Here, we investigated gene expression changes
following CHMI using RNA-Seq. Peripheral blood samples were collected in
Bagamoyo, Tanzania, from ten adults who were injected intradermally (ID) with
2.5x104 aseptic, purified, cryopreserved P. falciparum sporozoites (SanariaR
PfSPZ Challenge). A total of 2,758 genes were identified as differentially
expressed following CHMI. Transcriptional changes were most pronounced on day 5
after inoculation, during the clinically silent liver phase. A secondary
analysis, grouping the volunteers according to their prepatent period duration,
identified 265 genes whose expression levels were linked to time of blood stage
parasitemia detection. Gene modules associated with these 265 genes were linked
to regulation of transcription, cell cycle, phosphatidylinositol signaling and
erythrocyte development. Our study showed that in malaria pre-exposed volunteers,
parasite prepatent period in each individual is linked to magnitude and timing of
early gene expression changes after ID CHMI.

DOI: 10.1371/journal.pone.0199392 
PMID: 29920562 

Conflict of interest statement: Authors KLS and SH are affiliated with the
commercial company Sanaria Inc., the manufacturer of PfSPZ Challenge. This does
not alter our adherence to PLOS ONE policies on sharing data and materials.


16. PLoS One. 2018 Jun 19;13(6):e0199364. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0199364.
eCollection 2018.

Annotation and profiling of barley GLYCOGEN SYNTHASE3/Shaggy-like genes indicated
shift in organ-preferential expression.

Groszyk J(1), Yanushevska Y(1), Zielezinski A(2), Nadolska-Orczyk A(3), Karlowski
WM(2), Orczyk W(1).

Author information: 
(1)Department of Genetic Engineering, Plant Breeding and Acclimatization
Institute-National Research Institute, Radzikow, Blonie, Poland.
(2)Department of Computational Biology, Institute of Molecular Biology and
Biotechnology, Faculty of Biology, Adam Mickiewicz University, Poznan, Poland.
(3)Department of Functional Genomics, Plant Breeding and Acclimatization
Institute-National Research Institute, Radzikow, Blonie, Poland.

GLYCOGEN SYNTHASE KINASE3/Shaggy-like kinases (GSKs) represent a highly conserved
group of proteins found in all eukaryotes. In plants they are encoded by
multigene families and integrate signaling of brassinosteroids, auxin and
abscisic acid in wide range of physiological and developmental processes with a
strong impact on plant responses to environmental and biotic factors. Based on
comprehensively studied structures of 10 Arabidopsis thaliana GSK genes and
encoded proteins we report identification and phylogenetic reconstruction of 7
transcriptionally active GSK genes in barley. We re-evaluated annotation of the
GSK genes in the current barley genome (Hv_IBSC_PGSB_v2) and provided data that a
single gene annotated in the previous barley genome ensemble should be retained
in the current one. The novel structure of another GSK, predicted in
Hv_IBSC_PGSB_v2 to encode both GSK and amine oxidase domains, was proposed and
experimentally confirmed based on the syntenic region in Brachypodium distachyon.
The genes were assigned to 4 groups based on their encoded amino acid sequences
and protein kinase domains. The analysis confirmed high level of conservation of 
functional protein domains and motifs among plant GSKs and the identified barley 
orthologs. Each of the seven identified HvGSK genes was expressed indicating
semi-constitutive regulation in all tested organs and developmental stages.
Regulation patterns of GSKs from the indicated groups showed a shift in
organ-preferential expression in A. thaliana and barley illustrating
diversification of biological roles of individual HvGSKs in different plant
species.

DOI: 10.1371/journal.pone.0199364 
PMID: 29920545 

Conflict of interest statement: The authors have declared that no competing
interests exist.


17. PLoS One. 2018 Jun 19;13(6):e0198953. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0198953.
eCollection 2018.

Low-phosphate-selected Auxenochlorella protothecoides redirects phosphate to
essential pathways while producing more biomass.

Park SH(1), Kyndt J(2), Chougule K(3), Park JJ(4), Brown JK(5).

Author information: 
(1)Department of Biology, Colorado State University, Pueblo, Colorado, United
States of America.
(2)College of Science and Technology, Bellevue University, Bellevue, Nebraska
United States of America.
(3)Arizona Genomics Institute, The University of Arizona, Tucson, Arizona, United
States of America.
(4)Biomolecular Analysis Facility, University of Virginia, Charlottesville,
Virginia, United States of America.
(5)School of Plant Sciences, The University of Arizona, Tucson, Arizona, United
States of America.

Despite the capacity to accumulate ~70% w/w of lipids, commercially produced
unicellular green alga A. protothecoides may become compromised due to the high
cost of phosphate fertilizers. To address this limitation A. protothecoides was
selected for adaptation to conditions of 100¡Ñ and 5¡Ñ lower phosphate and peptone,
respectively, compared to 'wild-type media'. The A. protothecoides showed initial
signs of adaptation by 45-50 days, and steady state growth at ~100 days. The low 
phosphate (P)-adapted strain produced up to ~30% greater biomass, while total
lipids (~10% w/w) remained about the same, compared to the wild-type strain.
Metabolomic analyses indicated that the low P-adapted produced 3.3-fold more
saturated palmitic acid (16:0) and 2.2-fold less linolenic acid (18:3), compared 
to the wild-type strain, resulting in an ~11% increase in caloric value, from
19.5kJ/g for the wild-type strain to 21.6kJ/g for the low P-adapted strain, due
to the amounts and composition of certain saturated fatty acids, compared to the 
wild type strain. Biochemical changes in A. protothecoides adapted to lower
phosphate conditions were assessed by comparative RNA-Seq analysis, which yielded
27,279 transcripts. Among them, 2,667 and 15 genes were significantly down- and
up-regulated, at >999-fold and >3-fold (adjusted p-value <0.1), respectively. The
expression of genes encoding proteins involved in cellular processes such as
division, growth, and membrane biosynthesis, showed a trend toward
down-regulation. At the genomic level, synonymous SNPs and Indels were observed
primarily in coding regions, with the 40S ribosomal subunit gene harboring
substantial SNPs. Overall, the adapted strain out-performed the wild-type strain 
by prioritizing the use of its limited phosphate supply for essential biological 
processes. The low P-adapted A. protothecoides is expected to be more economical 
to grow over the wild-type strain, based on overall greater productivity and
caloric content, while importantly, also requiring 100-fold less phosphate.

DOI: 10.1371/journal.pone.0198953 
PMID: 29920531 

Conflict of interest statement: The authors have declared that no competing
interests exist.


18. J Physiol Pharmacol. 2018 Apr;69(2). doi: 10.26402/jpp.2018.2.01. Epub 2018 Jun
13.

Microdomain elements of airway smooth muscle in calcium regulation and cell
proliferation.

Zhao C(1), Wu AY(1), Yu X(1), Gu Y(1), Lu Y(1), Song X(1), An N(1), Zhang Y(2).

Author information: 
(1)School of Life Science and Biopharmaceutics, Shenyang Pharmaceutical
University, Shenyang, China.
(2)School of Life Science and Biopharmaceutics, Shenyang Pharmaceutical
University, Shenyang, China. 13614053862@163.com; yuyangzhang@syphu.edu.cn.

Airway remodeling manifested by hyperplasia of airway smooth muscle cells (ASMCs)
and other structural and functional changes is a pathological condition in asthma
not addressed by current treatment. Ca2+ signaling is crucial for ASMC
proliferation. Inositol-1,4,5-trisphosphate receptor (IP3R) and ryanodine
receptor (RyR) mediate Ca2+ release from endoplasmic reticulum/sarcoplasmic
reticulum (ER/SR). Upon sensing the depletion of Ca2+ in ER/SR, stromal
interaction molecule 1 (STIM1) aggregates and redistributes at the microdomain of
ER/SR-plasma membrane (PM) and activates Orai1, a component of the store-operated
Ca2+ (SOC) channels, to initiate Ca2+ influx. The STIM1/Orai1-mediated SOC entry 
is the main cause of a sustained intracellular calcium ([Ca2+]i) elevation, which
is different from a transient rise of [Ca2+]i mediated by IP3R and RyR.
Extended-synaptotagmin 1 (E-Syt1) is recruited to the ER/SR-PM junction and
anchors to the PM lipid phosphatidylinositol-4,5-bisphosphate (PI(4,5)P2) in a
SOC-dependent manner. The subsequent strengthening of the ER/SR-PM connection by 
E-Syt1 facilitates the phosphatidylinositol (PI) transfer protein, Nir2, to
supplement PI, a PI(4,5)P2 substrate, for the generation of IP3 and the
propagation of Ca2+ signaling. Calcineurin and nuclear factor of activated T
cells are the downstream signaling factors of elevated [Ca2+]i contributing to
ASMC proliferation. Mitochondrial Ca2+ uptake/efflux, mitochondrial
fission/fusion and mitochondrial-ER/SR coupling also play important roles in
modulating [Ca2+]i and ASMC proliferation. Together, these pathways and
mechanisms represent new therapeutic targets for airway remodeling. The present
review provides an overview of our current understanding of the mechanisms of
ASMC proliferation involving Ca2+ and highlights potential directions to control 
airway remodeling in asthma.


PMID: 29920471 


19. Pharmacol Rep. 2018 Feb 5;70(4):688-693. doi: 10.1016/j.pharep.2018.02.005. [Epub
ahead of print]

Impulsivity and vitamin D in bariatric surgery candidates.

Wrzosek M(1), Sawicka A(2), Ta?a?aj M(2), Wojnar M(3), Nowicka G(4).

Author information: 
(1)Department of Biochemistry and Pharmacogenomics, Medical University of Warsaw 
and Center for Preclinical Studies, Warszawa, Poland. Electronic address:
malgorzata.wrzosek@wum.edu.pl.
(2)Department of Geriatrics, Internal Medicine and Metabolic Bone Diseases,
Medical Centre of Postgraduate Education, Prof. W. Orlowski Hospital in Warsaw,
Warszawa, Poland.
(3)Department of Psychiatry, Medical University of Warsaw, Warszawa, Poland;
Department of Psychiatry, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI, USA.
(4)Department of Biochemistry and Pharmacogenomics, Medical University of Warsaw 
and Center for Preclinical Studies, Warszawa, Poland.

BACKGROUND: Obesity is recognized as a major health problem. Vitamin D is
involved in maintaining energy metabolism by regulation of glucose transporters, 
uncoupling proteins, and normal brain function. We aimed to explore a
relationship between impulsivity, eating behaviors, and 25-hydroxyvitamin D
concentration in a sample of 322 bariatric surgery candidates.
METHODS: Participants completed a questionnaire on their health, eating habits
and The Eating Disorders Examination-Questionnaire (EDE-Q). Impulsivity was
evaluated with the Barratt Impulsiveness Scale (BIS-11). Blood samples were
obtained to measure levels of 25(OH)D, lipids (cholesterol, triglyceride,
HDL-cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol), and glucose.
RESULTS: Overall scores on the BIS-11, along with scores on the Attentional
Subscale of the BIS were significantly higher in participants with higher
frequency of snack food consumption. Scores on the Attentional Subscale of the
BIS were higher in participants who self-reported eating in response to emotions.
Participants who reported eating at night or declared intense emotions associated
with a desire-to-eat had the highest global, attentional, and non-planning
impulsivity levels. Scores on the Non-planning Subscale of the BIS-11 were
elevated in participants with 25-hydroxyvitamin D concentrations lower than
10?ng/ml.
CONCLUSIONS: The results suggest that the higher level of impulsivity among the
patients with obesity is associated with eating habits, and support the
hypothesis that vitamin D deficiency may contribute to impulsiveness.

Copyright c 2018 Institute of Pharmacology, Polish Academy of Sciences. Published
by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.pharep.2018.02.005 
PMID: 29920421 


20. Fish Shellfish Immunol. 2018 Jun 16. pii: S1050-4648(18)30376-0. doi:
10.1016/j.fsi.2018.06.035. [Epub ahead of print]

Identification of tumor necrosis factor receptor-associated factor 6 in the pearl
mussel Hyriopsis cumingii and its involvement in innate immunity and pearl sac
formation.

Huang D(1), Bai Z(2), Shen J(1), Zhao L(1), Li J(3).

Author information: 
(1)Key Laboratory of Genetic Resources for Freshwater Aquaculture and Fisheries, 
Shanghai Ocean University, Ministry of Agriculture, Shanghai, 201306, China.
(2)Key Laboratory of Genetic Resources for Freshwater Aquaculture and Fisheries, 
Shanghai Ocean University, Ministry of Agriculture, Shanghai, 201306, China;
Shanghai Engineering Research Center of Aquaculture, Shanghai Ocean University,
Shanghai, 201306, China; Shanghai Collaborative Innovation for Aquatic Animal
Genetics and Breeding, Shanghai, 201306, China.
(3)Key Laboratory of Genetic Resources for Freshwater Aquaculture and Fisheries, 
Shanghai Ocean University, Ministry of Agriculture, Shanghai, 201306, China;
Shanghai Engineering Research Center of Aquaculture, Shanghai Ocean University,
Shanghai, 201306, China; Shanghai Collaborative Innovation for Aquatic Animal
Genetics and Breeding, Shanghai, 201306, China. Electronic address:
jlli2009@126.com.

Tumor necrosis factor receptor-associated factor 6 (TRAF6) acts as a central
intracellular signal adapter molecule that mediates the tumor necrosis factor
receptor superfamily and the interleukin-1 receptor/Toll-like receptor family in 
vertebrates and invertebrates. In the present study, HcTRAF6, a molluscan
homologue of TRAF6 from Hyriopsis cumingii, has been cloned and identified. The
entire open reading frame of HcTRAF6 was found to comprise a 1965-bp region that 
encodes a predicted protein of 654 amino acids, which contains conserved
characteristic domains including a RING domain, two TRAF-type zinc finger
domains, a typical coiled coil and the MATH domain. Phylogenetic analysis
revealed that HcTRAF6 was aggregated closely with CsTRAF6 from Cyclina sinensis
in the invertebrate cluster of mollusks. Further, qRT-PCR analysis showed that
HcTRAF6 mRNA was extensively distributed in mussel tissues with a high expression
in gills. After immune stimulation with Aeromonas hydrophila and
lipopolysaccharides, the transcription of HcTRAF6 was obviously induced in the
gills and hemocytes. In addition, significant fluctuation in HcTRAF6 expression
was observed in the pearl sac, gills and hemocytes after mantle implantation.
These findings confirmed its role in the alloimmune response. Dual-luciferase
reporter assay showed that over-expression of HcTRAF6 could enhance the activity 
of the NF-£eB reporter in a dose-dependent manner. Further, the RNA interference
showed that the up-regulation of antimicrobial peptides in anti-bacterial
infection was strongly suppressed in HcTRAF6-silenced mussels and that depletion 
of HcTRAF inhibited the elimination of A. hydrophila. All these findings together
prove that HcTRAF6 functions as an efficient regulator in innate immune
mechanisms against invading pathogens and the alloimmune mechanism after mantle
implantation in H. cumingii.

Copyright c 2018. Published by Elsevier Ltd.

DOI: 10.1016/j.fsi.2018.06.035 
PMID: 29920382 


21. Gene. 2018 Jun 16. pii: S0378-1119(18)30708-X. doi: 10.1016/j.gene.2018.06.052.
[Epub ahead of print]

Wounding-induced upregulation of the Bone Morphogenic Protein signaling pathway
in Drosophila promotes survival against parasitic nematode infection.

Patrnogic J(1), Heryanto C(1), Eleftherianos I(2).

Author information: 
(1)Infection and Innate Immunity Lab, Department of Biological Sciences, The
George Washington University, Washington, DC 20052, USA.
(2)Infection and Innate Immunity Lab, Department of Biological Sciences, The
George Washington University, Washington, DC 20052, USA. Electronic address:
ioannise@gwu.edu.

The common fruit fly, Drosophila melanogaster is an outstanding model to analyze 
the regulation of conserved signaling pathways. In this study, we examined
whether signaling components in the Bone Morphogenic Protein (BMP) branch of the 
TGF-£] signaling pathway are involved in the response to wounding caused by either
sterile injury or infection by parasitic nematodes in D. melanogaster adult
flies. We found that following sterile injury, the BMP pathway Type I receptor
sax and intracellular transcription factor Mad were substantially upregulated.
Also, inactivation of Mad or dpp promoted fly survival and increased
antimicrobial peptide gene transcript levels upon sterile injury or H.
bacteriophora nematode infection, respectively, but not against the bacterial
pathogen Photorhabdus luminescens. Our findings indicate the roles of certain BMP
signaling components in the regulation of the fly immune response against sterile
injury or nematode infection. In conclusion, this study highlights the ability of
D. melanogaster to activate the BMP branch of TGF-£] signaling in order to
modulate the response to injury in the absence or presence of pathogenic
infection.

Copyright c 2018. Published by Elsevier B.V.

DOI: 10.1016/j.gene.2018.06.052 
PMID: 29920363 


22. Gene. 2018 Jun 16. pii: S0378-1119(18)30707-8. doi: 10.1016/j.gene.2018.06.051.
[Epub ahead of print]

WISP-3/CCN6 inhibits apoptosis by regulating caspase pathway after hyperoxia in
lung epithelial cells.

Wei S(1), Wang K(2), Zhao Z(2), Huang X(2), Tang W(2), Zhao Z(3).

Author information: 
(1)Department of Respiratory Medicine, The First Affiliated Hospital of Jinan
University, Guangzhou 510630, Guangdong, China; Department of Respiratory
Medicine, Guangzhou First People's Hospital, Guangzhou Medical University,
Guangzhou 510080, Guangdong, China. Electronic address: weishuquan@gzhmu.edu.cn.
(2)Department of Respiratory Medicine, Guangzhou First People's Hospital,
Guangzhou Medical University, Guangzhou 510080, Guangdong, China.
(3)Department of Respiratory Medicine, The First Affiliated Hospital of Jinan
University, Guangzhou 510630, Guangdong, China; Department of Respiratory
Medicine, Guangzhou First People's Hospital, Guangzhou Medical University,
Guangzhou 510080, Guangdong, China. Electronic address: zhaoziwen800@163.com.

Cell death is a normal phenomenon in the course of biological development,
moreover, which is also a prominent feature in lung exposed to hyperoxia. Severe 
hypoxia occurs in ALI/ARDS patients, who generally require high concentration
oxygen therapy assisted by mechanical ventilation. Nevertheless, high oxygen can 
cause excessive reactive oxygen species (ROS), leading to apoptosis in lung
epithelial cells, which has been reported in our previous study. Herein, the
correlation between increments of ROS and CCN6 expression was negative in
CCN6-mediated the mitochondria dependent, intrinsic apoptotic pathway. Our latest
research explained that CCN6 can inhibit caspase-8 mediated extrinsic apoptotic
pathway to protect cells from hyperoxia-induced apoptosis. As demonstrated by
Western Blot Analysis, Caspase 8 cleavage and Caspase 3 cleavage in CCN6-depleted
cells exceeded the control group treated with high oxygen (48?h). And deletion of
CCN6 enhanced caspase-8 activation after hyperoxia shown by Flow Cytometry.
Although, it is unclear how CCN6 participated in the regulation of apoptotic
pathways, the future targeted therapy drugs inhibiting CCN6 may be useful in the 
treatment of ALI/ARDS.

Copyright c 2018. Published by Elsevier B.V.

DOI: 10.1016/j.gene.2018.06.051 
PMID: 29920361 


23. Anaerobe. 2018 Jun 16. pii: S1075-9964(18)30111-2. doi:
10.1016/j.anaerobe.2018.06.008. [Epub ahead of print]

Synthesis of peptide based epsilon toxin vaccine by covalent anchoring to tetanus
toxoid.

Kaushik H(1), Dixit A(2), Garg LC(3).

Author information: 
(1)Gene Regulation Laboratory, School of Biotechnology, Jawaharlal Nehru
University, New Delhi, 110067, India.
(2)Gene Regulation Laboratory, School of Biotechnology, Jawaharlal Nehru
University, New Delhi, 110067, India. Electronic address: adixit7@gmail.com.
(3)Gene Regulation Laboratory, National Institute of Immunology, New Delhi,
110067, India. Electronic address: lalitcgarg@gmail.com.

The epsilon toxin (Etx) produced by Clostridium perfringens type B and D causes
severe enterotoxaemia associated with a general edema and neurological
alterations, leading to subsequent death and is listed as one of the most lethal 
toxins. Currently employed vaccines against C. perfringens epsilon toxin include 
toxoid based vaccines. Use of peptide vaccines has become an interesting approach
for vaccination after the successful licensing of peptide vaccines against
Haemophilus influenza, Neisseria meningitides and Streptococcus pneumonia that
have demonstrated the potential and effectiveness of these vaccines. Therefore,
the present study was undertaken to develop a peptide based vaccine against
epsilon toxin. Peptides were selected on the basis of epitope mapping by making
35 overlapping peptides of 15 amino acid residues in length specific to the
primary amino acid sequence of the toxin, with a 7 amino acid residues overlaps
between sequential peptides. Chemically synthesized peptides that were recognised
by the antibody against the full length epsilon toxin were further assessed for
vaccine potential. The selected peptides were chemically conjugated to partially 
reduced tetanus toxoid (TT) using of N-succinimidyl-3(2-pyridyldithio)
propionate. Immunization of BALB/c mice with TT-peptide conjugates by
sub-cutaneous route induced sustained high level mixed immune response as
analyzed by antibody isotyping. Immunoblot analysis and ELISA clearly indicated
generation of Etx-specific antibodies. Further, neutralization studies with the
antisera generated against the TT-conjugated peptide(s) demonstrated that the
antisera were able to neutralize the lethal dose of epsilon toxin in vitro
demonstrating its potential as a promising vaccine candidate against
enterotoxaemia.

Copyright c 2018. Published by Elsevier Ltd.

DOI: 10.1016/j.anaerobe.2018.06.008 
PMID: 29920342 


24. Free Radic Biol Med. 2018 Jun 16. pii: S0891-5849(18)31057-8. doi:
10.1016/j.freeradbiomed.2018.06.015. [Epub ahead of print]

B2-LYMPHOCYTE RESPONSES TO OXIDATIVE STRESS-DERIVED ANTIGENS CONTRIBUTE TO THE
EVOLUTION OF NONALCOHOLIC FATTY LIVER DISEASE (NAFLD).

Bruzzi S(1), Sutti S(1), Giudici G(1), Burlone ME(2), Ramavath NN(1), Toscani
A(1), Bozzola C(1), Schneider P(3), Morello E(4), Parola M(4), Pirisi M(2),
Albano E(5).

Author information: 
(1)Dept. of Health Sciences, Interdisciplinary Research Centre for Autoimmune
Diseases, University "Amedeo Avogadro" of East Piedmont, Novara, Italy.
(2)Dept. of Translational Medicine, Interdisciplinary Research Centre for
Autoimmune Diseases, University "Amedeo Avogadro" of East Piedmont, Novara,
Italy.
(3)Dept. of Biochemistry, University of Lausanne, Epalinges, Switzerland.
(4)Dept. of Clinical and Biological Sciences, Unit of Experimental Medicine and
Clinical Pathology, University of Turin, Turin, Italy.
(5)Dept. of Health Sciences, Interdisciplinary Research Centre for Autoimmune
Diseases, University "Amedeo Avogadro" of East Piedmont, Novara, Italy.
Electronic address: emanuele.albano@med.uniupo.it.

Recent evidence implicates adaptive immunity as a key player in the mechanisms
supporting hepatic inflammation during the progression of nonalcoholic fatty
liver disease (NAFLD). In these settings, patients with NAFLD often show an
increase in the circulating levels of antibodies against oxidative stress-derived
epitopes (OSE). Nonetheless, the actual role of humoral immunity in NAFLD is
still unclear. This study investigates the contribution of B-lymphocytes to NAFLD
evolution. B-lymphocyte immunostaining of liver biopsies from NAFLD patients
showed that B-cells were evident within cell aggregates rich in T-lymphocytes. In
these subjects, B/T-lymphocyte infiltration positively correlated with both
circulating IgG targeting oxidative stress-derived epitopes (OSE) and
interferon-£^ (IFN-£^) levels. Furthermore, high prevalence of lymphocyte
aggregates identified patients with more severe lobular inflammation and
fibrosis. In mouse models of NAFLD, the onset of steatohepatitis was
characterized by hepatic B2-lymphocytes maturation to plasma cells and by an
elevation in circulating anti-OSE IgG titers. B-cell responses preceded T-cell
activation and were accompanied by the up-regulation in the hepatic expression of
B-cell Activating Factor (BAFF). Selective B2-cell depletion in mice
over-expressing a soluble form of the BAFF/APRIL receptor Transmembrane Activator
and Cyclophilin Ligand Interactor (TACI-Ig) prevented plasma cell maturation and 
Th-1 activation of liver CD4+ T-lymphocytes. Furthermore, TACI-Ig mice showed
milder steatohepatitis and a decreased progression to fibrosis. Similarly, mice
treatment with the BAFF-neutralizing monoclonal antibody Sandy-2 prevented
hepatic B2-cell responses and ameliorated steatohepatitis. From these data we
conclude that B2-lymphocyte activation is an early event in NAFLD evolution and
contributes to the disease progression through the interaction with T-cells.
Furthermore, combined clinical and experimental data suggest that elevated
circulating anti-OSE IgG can identify a subset of NAFLD patients in whom adaptive
immunity has a relevant role in the disease evolution toward fibrosis.

Copyright c 2018. Published by Elsevier Inc.

DOI: 10.1016/j.freeradbiomed.2018.06.015 
PMID: 29920340 


25. Brain Behav Immun. 2018 Jun 16. pii: S0889-1591(18)30227-7. doi:
10.1016/j.bbi.2018.06.011. [Epub ahead of print]

Maternal Prenatal Depression Predicts Infant Negative Affect via Maternal
Inflammatory Cytokine Levels.

Gustafsson HC(1), Sullivan EL(2), Nousen EK(3), Sullivan CA(4), Huang E(5),
Rincon M(6), Nigg JT(7), Loftis JM(8).

Author information: 
(1)Oregon Health and Science University, 3181 SW Sam Jackson Park Rd., Portland, 
OR, USA. Electronic address: gustafha@ohsu.edu.
(2)Oregon Health and Science University, 3181 SW Sam Jackson Park Rd., Portland, 
OR, USA; Oregon National Primate Research Center, 505 NW 185th Avenue, Beaverton,
OR 97006, USA; University of Oregon, 1585 E 13th Ave, Eugene, OR 97403, USA.
Electronic address: sullivel@ohsu.edu.
(3)Oregon Health and Science University, 3181 SW Sam Jackson Park Rd., Portland, 
OR, USA. Electronic address: nousen@ohsu.edu.
(4)Oregon Health and Science University, 3181 SW Sam Jackson Park Rd., Portland, 
OR, USA. Electronic address: sullivce@ohsu.edu.
(5)Oregon Health and Science University, 3181 SW Sam Jackson Park Rd., Portland, 
OR, USA; VA Portland Health Care System, 3710 SW US Veterans Hospital Rd,
Portland, OR, USA. Electronic address: huange@ohsu.edu.
(6)Oregon Health and Science University, 3181 SW Sam Jackson Park Rd., Portland, 
OR, USA. Electronic address: rincon@ohsu.edu.
(7)Oregon Health and Science University, 3181 SW Sam Jackson Park Rd., Portland, 
OR, USA. Electronic address: niggj@ohsu.edu.
(8)Oregon Health and Science University, 3181 SW Sam Jackson Park Rd., Portland, 
OR, USA; VA Portland Health Care System, 3710 SW US Veterans Hospital Rd,
Portland, OR, USA. Electronic address: loftisj@ohsu.edu.

Maternal depressive symptoms during pregnancy are associated with risk for
offspring emotional and behavioral problems, but the mechanisms by which this
association occurs are not known. Infant elevated negative affect (increased
crying, irritability, fearfulness, etc.) is a key risk factor for future
psychopathology, so understanding its determinants has prevention and early
intervention potential. An understudied yet promising hypothesis is that maternal
mood affects infant mood via maternal prenatal inflammatory mechanisms, but this 
has not been prospectively examined in humans. Using data from a pilot study of
women followed from the second trimester of pregnancy through six months
postpartum (N = 68) our goal was to initiate a prospective study as to whether
maternal inflammatory cytokines mediate the association between maternal
depressive symptoms and infant offspring negative affect. The study sample was
designed to examine a broad range of likely self-regulation and mood-regulation
problems in offspring; to that end we over-selected women with a family history
or their own history of elevated symptoms of attention-deficit/hyperactivity
disorder. Results supported the hypothesis: maternal pro-inflammatory cytokines
during the third trimester (indexed using a latent variable that included plasma 
interleukin-6, tumor necrosis factor-alpha and monocyte chemoattractant protein-1
concentrations as indicators) mediated the effect, such that higher maternal
depressive symptoms were associated with higher maternal inflammation, and this
mediated the effect on maternal report of infant negative affect (controlling for
maternal affect during the infant period). This is the first human study to
demonstrate that maternal inflammatory cytokines mediate the association between 
prenatal depression and infant outcomes, and the first to demonstrate a
biological mechanism through which depressive symptoms impact infant temperament.

Copyright c 2018. Published by Elsevier Inc.

DOI: 10.1016/j.bbi.2018.06.011 
PMID: 29920327 


26. J Proteomics. 2018 Jun 16. pii: S1874-3919(18)30251-3. doi:
10.1016/j.jprot.2018.06.006. [Epub ahead of print]

iTRAQ-based analysis of the Arabidopsis proteome reveals insights into the
potential mechanisms of anthocyanin accumulation regulation in response to
phosphate deficiency.

Wang ZQ(1), Zhou X(2), Dong L(2), Guo J(2), Chen Y(3), Zhang Y(3), Wu L(3), Xu
M(4).

Author information: 
(1)Key Laboratory of Hangzhou City for Quality and Safety of Agricultural
Products, College of Life and Environmental Sciences, Hangzhou Normal University,
Hangzhou 310036, China; Zhejiang Provincial Key Laboratory for Genetic
Improvement and Quality Control of Medicinal Plants, Hangzhou Normal University, 
Hangzhou 310036, China. Electronic address: zhqwang@zju.edu.cn.
(2)Key Laboratory of Hangzhou City for Quality and Safety of Agricultural
Products, College of Life and Environmental Sciences, Hangzhou Normal University,
Hangzhou 310036, China; Zhejiang Provincial Key Laboratory for Genetic
Improvement and Quality Control of Medicinal Plants, Hangzhou Normal University, 
Hangzhou 310036, China.
(3)College of Life and Environmental Sciences, Hangzhou Normal University,
Hangzhou 310036, China.
(4)Key Laboratory of Hangzhou City for Quality and Safety of Agricultural
Products, College of Life and Environmental Sciences, Hangzhou Normal University,
Hangzhou 310036, China; Zhejiang Provincial Key Laboratory for Genetic
Improvement and Quality Control of Medicinal Plants, Hangzhou Normal University, 
Hangzhou 310036, China. Electronic address: xumaojunhz@163.com.

Phosphate (Pi) deficiency significantly limits plant growth in natural and
agricultural systems. Accumulation of anthocyanins in shoots is a common response
of Arabidopsis thaliana to Pi deficiency. To elucidate the mechanisms underlying 
Pi deficiency-induced anthocyanin accumulation, we employed a proteomic approach 
based on isobaric tags for relative and absolute quantification (iTRAQ) to
investigate protein expression profiles of Arabidopsis thaliana seedlings
subjected to Pi deficiency for 7?days. In total, 5106 proteins were identified,
of which 156 displayed significant changes in abundance upon Pi deficiency.
Bioinformatics analysis indicated that flavonoid biosynthesis was the most
significantly elevated metabolic process under Pi deficiency. We further examined
the potential role of the flavonoid biosynthetic pathway using a dihydroflavonol 
4-reductase (DFR) mutant (tt3) and quantitative RT-PCR (qRT-PCR) analysis, and
found that the tt3 mutant was deprived of transcriptional up-regulation of three 
genes related to anthocyanin biosynthesis, modification and transport under Pi
deficiency. These results showed that Pi deficiency probably enhances the
anthocyanin accumulation by promoting the flavonoid biosynthesis. The exact
functions of these proteins remain to be examined. Nevertheless, our study
increases the understanding of the mechanisms implicated in the anthocyanin
accumulation induced by Pi deficiency and adaptive responses of plants to Pi
starvation.

Copyright c 2018. Published by Elsevier B.V.

DOI: 10.1016/j.jprot.2018.06.006 
PMID: 29920325 


27. Cell Signal. 2018 Jun 16. pii: S0898-6568(18)30126-8. doi:
10.1016/j.cellsig.2018.06.006. [Epub ahead of print]

Spatial regulation of signaling by the coordinated action of the protein tyrosine
kinases MET and FER.

Zhang J(1), Wang Z(1), Zhang S(2), Chen Y(3), Xiong X(1), Li X(1), Tonks NK(4),
Fan G(5).

Author information: 
(1)School of Life Science and Technology, ShanghaiTech University, Shanghai
201210, China.
(2)Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory, Cold Spring Harbor, NY 11724, USA; Department
of Molecular Genetics and Microbiology, Stony Brook University, Stony Brook, NY
11794, USA.
(3)First Affiliated Hospital, Fujian Medical University, Fuzhou 350005, China.
(4)Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory, Cold Spring Harbor, NY 11724, USA. Electronic
address: tonks@cshl.edu.
(5)School of Life Science and Technology, ShanghaiTech University, Shanghai
201210, China; Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory, Cold Spring Harbor, NY 11724, USA. 
Electronic address: fangf@shanghaitech.edu.cn.

A critical aspect of understanding the regulation of signal transduction is not
only to identify the protein-protein interactions that govern assembly of
signaling pathways, but also to understand how those pathways are regulated in
time and space. In this report, we have applied both gain-of-function and
loss-of-function analyses to assess the role of the non-receptor protein tyrosine
kinase FER in activation of the HGF Receptor protein tyrosine kinase MET.
Overexpression of FER led to direct phosphorylation of several signaling sites in
MET, including Tyr1349, but not the activation loop residues Tyr1234/5; in
contrast, suppression of FER by RNAi revealed that phosphorylation of both a
C-terminal signaling site (Tyr1349) and the activation loop (Tyr1234/5) were
influenced by the function of this kinase. Adaptin £], a component of the adaptor 
protein complex 2 (AP-2) that links clathrin to receptors in coated vesicles, was
recruited to MET following FER-mediated phosphorylation. Furthermore, we provide 
evidence to support a role of FER in maintaining plasma membrane distribution of 
MET and thereby delaying protein-tyrosine phosphatase PTP1B-mediated inactivation
of the receptor. Simultaneous up-regulation of FER and down-regulation of PTP1B
observed in ovarian carcinoma-derived cell lines would be expected to contribute 
to persistent activation of HGF-MET signaling, suggesting that targeting of both 
FER and MET may be an effective strategy for therapeutic intervention in ovarian 
cancer.

Copyright c 2018. Published by Elsevier Inc.

DOI: 10.1016/j.cellsig.2018.06.006 
PMID: 29920310 


28. Neurosci Lett. 2018 Jun 16. pii: S0304-3940(18)30431-2. doi:
10.1016/j.neulet.2018.06.028. [Epub ahead of print]

Exendin-4 promotes proliferation of adipose-derived stem cells through
PI3K/Akt-Wnt signaling pathways.

Ye X(1), Cheng S(1), Dong Y(1), Ren J(1), Su L(1), Liu J(1), Zhou J(1), Liu Q(1),
Zhu N(2).

Author information: 
(1)Department of Dermatology, Huashan Hospital, Fudan University, Shanghai
200040, PR China.
(2)Department of Dermatology, Huashan Hospital, Fudan University, Shanghai
200040, PR China. Electronic address: nwzhu@yahoo.co.uk.

Adipose-derived stem cell (ADSC) transplantation has emerged as a potential tool 
for the treatment of cardiovascular disease. However, with a limited renewal
capacity and the need for mass cells during the engraftment, strategies are
needed to enhance ADSC proliferative capacity. In this study, we explored the
effects of Exendin-4, a glucagon-like peptide-1 analog, on the growth of ADSCs,
focusing in particular on phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K)-protein kinase B
(Akt) and Wnt signaling pathways. Firstly, ADSCs were isolated and cultured in
vitro. Then, flow cytometry demonstrated that ADSCs were positive for CD44, CD90 
and CD29 but negative for CD31, CD34, and CD45. Exendin-4 (0-200?nM) treatment
increased ADSC proliferation. In order to examine specific signaling pathways, a 
western blotting assay was performed. Our results demonstrate that after treated 
with 50?nM Exendin-4 for 48?hours, the phosphorylation of PI3K, Akt, and GSK3£]
were increased and phosphorylation of £]-catenin was decreased. From these
results, we concluded that PI3K-Akt and Wnt-£]-catenin signaling pathways mediate 
Exendin-4 induced ADSC proliferation, the function of which might contribute to
the regulation of ADSC proliferation. Our findings provided new insights into the
function of the mechanisms underlying Exendin-4 of ADSCs.

Copyright c 2018. Published by Elsevier B.V.

DOI: 10.1016/j.neulet.2018.06.028 
PMID: 29920298 


29. Cancer Lett. 2018 Jun 16. pii: S0304-3835(18)30415-4. doi:
10.1016/j.canlet.2018.06.017. [Epub ahead of print]

Novel tumor necrosis factor-£\ induced protein eight (TNFAIP8/TIPE) family:
Functions and downstream targets involved in cancer progression.

Padmavathi G(1), Banik K(1), Monisha J(1), Bordoloi D(1), Bano S(1), Arfuso F(2),
Sethi G(3), Lu F(4), Kunnumakkara AB(5).

Author information: 
(1)Cancer Biology Laboratory & DBT-AIST International Laboratory for Advanced
Biomedicine (DAILAB), Department of Biosciences and Bioengineering, Indian
Institute of Technology Guwahati, Guwahati, Assam, 781039, India.
(2)Stem Cell and Cancer Biology Laboratory, School of Biomedical Sciences, Curtin
Health Innovation Research Institute, Curtin University, Perth WA, 6009
Australia.
(3)Department for Management of Science and Technology Development, Ton Duc Thang
University, Ho Chi Minh City, Viet Nam; Faculty of Pharmacy, Ton Duc Thang
University, Ho Chi Minh City, Viet Nam; Department of Pharmacology, Yong Loo Lin 
School of Medicine, National University of Singapore, Singapore, 117600,
Singapore. Electronic address: gautam.sethi@tdt.edu.vn.
(4)Department of Pharmacology, Yong Loo Lin School of Medicine, National
University of Singapore, Singapore, 117600, Singapore.
(5)Cancer Biology Laboratory & DBT-AIST International Laboratory for Advanced
Biomedicine (DAILAB), Department of Biosciences and Bioengineering, Indian
Institute of Technology Guwahati, Guwahati, Assam, 781039, India. Electronic
address: kunnumakkara@iitg.ernet.in.

The tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-£\- induced protein 8 (TNFAIP8/TIPE) family is a
death effector domain (DED)-containing protein family with four identified
members: TNFAIP8 (TIPE), TNFAIP8L1 (TIPE1), TNFAIP8L2 (TIPE2), and TNFAIP8L3
(TIPE3). These proteins were found to play crucial roles in the regulation of
immune homeostasis, inflammation, and cancer development. Intensive research in
the past two decades revealed a strong correlation of TIPE proteins with
development of various cancers including cancers of the bladder, blood, bone,
breast, cervix, colon, esophagus, endometrium, stomach, liver, lung, ovary,
pancreas, prostate, and thyroid gland. Also, deregulation of these proteins was
found to promote the essential hallmarks of cancer such as survival, tumor
growth, proliferation, inhibition of apoptosis, angiogenesis, invasion,
migration, and metastasis. Further, differential expression of these proteins in 
normal and cancer tissues and their association with tumor progression and
prognosis signifies the potential diagnostic and prognostic values of TIPE
proteins and their importance in cancer therapy. The current review summarizes
the literature available thus far on the expression, function, and role of TIPE
proteins in the development and maintenance of various cancers.

Copyright c 2018. Published by Elsevier B.V.

DOI: 10.1016/j.canlet.2018.06.017 
PMID: 29920292 


30. Eur J Pharmacol. 2018 Jun 16. pii: S0014-2999(18)30351-0. doi:
10.1016/j.ejphar.2018.06.019. [Epub ahead of print]

Rutin, a quercetin glycoside, alleviates acute endotoxemic kidney injury in
C57BL/6 mice via suppression of inflammation and up-regulation of antioxidants
and SIRT1.

Khajevand-Khazaei MR(1), Mohseni-Moghaddam P(2), Hosseini M(2), Gholami L(2),
Baluchnejadmojarad T(3), Roghani M(4).

Author information: 
(1)School of Medicine, Shahed University, Tehran, Iran.
(2)Department of Physiology, School of Medicine, Tehran University of Medical
Sciences, Tehran, Iran.
(3)Department of Physiology, School of Medicine, Iran University of Medical
Sciences, Tehran, Iran.
(4)Neurophysiology Research Center, Department of Physiology, Shahed University, 
Tehran, Iran. Electronic address: mehjour@yahoo.com.

Acute kidney injury (AKI) is a common complication following severe sepsis, its
incidence is increasing, and it is associated with a high rate of morbidity and
mortality. Rutin is a glycoside of the bioflavonoid quercetin with various
protective effects due to its antioxidant and anti-inflammatory potential. In
this research, we tried to assess the protective effect of rutin administration
in a model of AKI in C57BL/6 mice. For induction of AKI, lipopolysaccharide (LPS)
was injected once (10mg/kg, i.p.) and rutin was p.o. given at doses of 50 or
200mg/kg. Treatment of LPS-challenged group with rutin lowered serum level of
creatinine and blood urea nitrogen (BUN), restored to some extent renal oxidative
stress-related indices such as malondialdehyde (MDA), glutathione (GSH), and
activity of superoxide dismutase (SOD) and catalase. In addition, rutin brought
back renal nuclear factor-kappaB (NF-£eB), toll-like receptor 4 (TLR4),
cyclooxygenase-2 (COX2), sirtuin 1 (SIRT1), tumor necrosis factor £\ (TNF£\),
interleukin-6, and caspase 3 activity to their control levels. Moreover,
protective effect of rutin was in accordance to a dose-dependent manner.
Collectively, rutin is capable to mitigate LPS-induced AKI via appropriate
modulation of renal oxidative stress, inflammation, and apoptosis.

Copyright c 2018. Published by Elsevier B.V.

DOI: 10.1016/j.ejphar.2018.06.019 
PMID: 29920283 


31. Dev Cell. 2018 Jun 18;45(6):738-752.e6. doi: 10.1016/j.devcel.2018.05.021.

Competition between TIAM1 and Membranes Balances Endophilin A3 Activity in Cancer
Metastasis.

Poudel KR(1), Roh-Johnson M(1), Su A(1), Ho T(1), Mathsyaraja H(1), Anderson
S(1), Grady WM(2), Moens CB(1), Conacci-Sorrell M(3), Eisenman RN(4), Bai J(5).

Author information: 
(1)Basic Sciences Division, Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, 1100 Fairview
Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109, USA.
(2)Clinical Research Division, Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, Seattle,
WA 98109, USA.
(3)Simmons Cancer Center, University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center,
Dallas, TX 75390, USA.
(4)Basic Sciences Division, Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, 1100 Fairview
Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109, USA. Electronic address: eisenman@fredhutch.org.
(5)Basic Sciences Division, Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, 1100 Fairview
Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109, USA. Electronic address: jbai@fredhutch.org.

Normal cells acquire aggressive behavior by modifying signaling pathways. For
instance, alteration of endocytosis profoundly impacts both proliferation and
migration during tumorigenesis. Here we investigate the mechanisms that enable
the endocytic machinery to coordinate these processes. We show that a membrane
curvature-sensing protein, endophilin A3, promotes growth and migration of colon 
cancer cells through two competing mechanisms: an endocytosis pathway that is
required for proliferation and a GTPase regulatory pathway that controls cell
motility. EndoA3 stimulates cell migration by binding the Rac GEF TIAM1 leading
to activation of small GTPases. Competing interactions of EndoA3 with membrane
versus TIAM1 modulate hyperproliferative and metastatic phenotypes. Disruption of
EndoA3-membrane interactions stimulates TIAM1 and small GTPases in?vitro, and
further promotes pro-metastatic phenotypes in?vivo. Together, these results
uncover a coupling mechanism, by which EndoA3 promotes growth and migration of
colon cancers, by linking membrane dynamics to GTPase regulation.

Copyright c 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.devcel.2018.05.021 
PMID: 29920278 


32. Dev Cell. 2018 Jun 18;45(6):696-711.e8. doi: 10.1016/j.devcel.2018.05.025.

Regulation of Epithelial Plasticity Determines Metastatic Organotropism in
Pancreatic Cancer.

Reichert M(1), Bakir B(2), Moreira L(3), Pitarresi JR(2), Feldmann K(4), Simon
L(2), Suzuki K(5), Maddipati R(2), Rhim AD(6), Schlitter AM(7), Kriegsmann M(8), 
Weichert W(7), Wirth M(9), Schuck K(4), Schneider G(4), Saur D(4), Reynolds
AB(10), Klein-Szanto AJ(11), Pehlivanoglu B(12), Memis B(12), Adsay NV(13),
Rustgi AK(14).

Author information: 
(1)Division of Gastroenterology, Perelman School of Medicine, University of
Pennsylvania, 900 Biomedical Research Building II/III, 415 Curie Boulevard,
Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA; Department of Medicine, Perelman School of Medicine,
University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA, USA; Abramson Cancer Center,
Perelman School of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania, 900 Biomedical Research 
Building II/III, 415 Curie Boulevard, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA; Klinik und
Poliklinik fur Innere Medizin II, Klinikum rechts der Isar, Technical University 
Munich, Medizinische Klinik, Ismaninger Str. 22, Munich 81675, Germany.
Electronic address: maximilian.reichert@tum.de.
(2)Division of Gastroenterology, Perelman School of Medicine, University of
Pennsylvania, 900 Biomedical Research Building II/III, 415 Curie Boulevard,
Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA; Department of Medicine, Perelman School of Medicine,
University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA, USA; Abramson Cancer Center,
Perelman School of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania, 900 Biomedical Research 
Building II/III, 415 Curie Boulevard, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA.
(3)Division of Gastroenterology, Perelman School of Medicine, University of
Pennsylvania, 900 Biomedical Research Building II/III, 415 Curie Boulevard,
Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA; Department of Medicine, Perelman School of Medicine,
University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA, USA; Abramson Cancer Center,
Perelman School of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania, 900 Biomedical Research 
Building II/III, 415 Curie Boulevard, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA; Department of 
Gastroenterology, Hospital Clinic, Centro de Investigacion Biomedica en Red en
Enfermedades Hepaticas y Digestivas (CIBERehd), IDIBAPS, University of Barcelona,
Catalonia, Spain.
(4)Klinik und Poliklinik fur Innere Medizin II, Klinikum rechts der Isar,
Technical University Munich, Medizinische Klinik, Ismaninger Str. 22, Munich
81675, Germany.
(5)Division of Gastroenterology, Perelman School of Medicine, University of
Pennsylvania, 900 Biomedical Research Building II/III, 415 Curie Boulevard,
Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA; Department of Medicine, Perelman School of Medicine,
University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA, USA; Abramson Cancer Center,
Perelman School of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania, 900 Biomedical Research 
Building II/III, 415 Curie Boulevard, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA; Department of 
General Surgery, Graduate School of Medicine, Chiba University, Chiba 260-8670,
Japan.
(6)Division of Gastroenterology, Hepatology and Nutrition, MD Anderson Cancer
Center, Houston, TX, USA.
(7)Institute of General Pathology and Pathological Anatomy, Technical University 
of Munich, Munich, Germany; German Cancer Consortium (DKTK), Partner Site Munich,
Munich, Germany.
(8)Institute of Pathology, Heidelberg University, Heidelberg, Germany.
(9)Institute of Pathology, Heinrich-Heine University and University Hospital
Dusseldorf, Dusseldorf 40225, Germany.
(10)Department of Cancer Biology, Vanderbilt University Medical Center,
Nashville, TN, USA.
(11)Histopathology Facility, Fox Chase Cancer Center, Philadelphia, PA, USA.
(12)Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, Emory University Hospital,
Atlanta, GA, USA.
(13)Department of Pathology, Koc University Hospital, Istanbul, Turkey.
(14)Division of Gastroenterology, Perelman School of Medicine, University of
Pennsylvania, 900 Biomedical Research Building II/III, 415 Curie Boulevard,
Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA; Department of Medicine, Perelman School of Medicine,
University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA, USA; Department of Genetics,
Perelman School of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA, USA;
Abramson Cancer Center, Perelman School of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania, 
900 Biomedical Research Building II/III, 415 Curie Boulevard, Philadelphia, PA
19104, USA. Electronic address: anil2@pennmedicine.upenn.edu.

The regulation of metastatic organotropism in pancreatic ductal a denocarcinoma
(PDAC) remains poorly understood. We demonstrate, using multiple mouse models,
that liver and lung metastatic organotropism is dependent upon p120catenin
(p120ctn)-mediated epithelial identity. Mono-allelic p120ctn loss accelerates
KrasG12D-driven pancreatic cancer formation and liver metastasis. Importantly,
one p120ctn allele is sufficient for E-CADHERIN-mediated cell adhesion. By
contrast, cells with bi-allelic p120ctn loss demonstrate marked lung
organotropism; however, rescue with p120ctn isoform 1A restores liver metastasis.
In?a p120ctn-independent PDAC model, mosaic loss of E-CADHERIN expression reveals
selective pressure for E-CADHERIN-positive liver metastasis and
E-CADHERIN-negative lung metastasis. Furthermore, human PDAC and liver metastases
support the premise that liver metastases exhibit predominantly epithelial
characteristics. RNA-seq demonstrates differential induction of pathways
associated with metastasis and epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition in
p120ctn-deficient versus p120ctn-wild-type cells. Taken together, P120CTN and
E-CADHERIN mediated epithelial plasticity is an addition to the conceptual
framework underlying metastatic organotropism in pancreatic cancer.

Copyright c 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.devcel.2018.05.025 
PMID: 29920275 


33. Curr Biol. 2018 Jun 18;28(12):R688-R693. doi: 10.1016/j.cub.2018.05.019.

Cohesin and chromosome segregation.

Makrantoni V(1), Marston AL(2).

Author information: 
(1)The Wellcome Centre for Cell Biology, Institute of Cell Biology, School of
Biological Sciences, Michael Swann Building, Max Born Crescent, Edinburgh, EH9
3BF, UK.
(2)The Wellcome Centre for Cell Biology, Institute of Cell Biology, School of
Biological Sciences, Michael Swann Building, Max Born Crescent, Edinburgh, EH9
3BF, UK. Electronic address: adele.marston@ed.ac.uk.

Cohesin is a ring-shaped protein complex that organises the genome, enabling its 
condensation, expression, repair and transmission. Cohesin is best known for its 
role in chromosome segregation, where it provides the cohesion that is
established between the two newly duplicated sister chromatids during S phase.
This cohesion enables the proper attachment of sister chromatids to microtubules 
of the spindle by resisting their opposing pulling forces. Once all chromosomes
are correctly attached, cohesin is abruptly destroyed, triggering the equal
segregation of sister chromatids to opposite poles in anaphase. Here we summarise
the molecular functions and regulation of cohesin that underlie its central role 
in chromosome segregation during mitosis.

Copyright c 2018 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Ltd.. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/j.cub.2018.05.019 
PMID: 29920258 


34. Dev Biol. 2018 Jun 16. pii: S0012-1606(18)30193-3. doi:
10.1016/j.ydbio.2018.06.010. [Epub ahead of print]

Differential impacts of FtsZ proteins on plastid division in the shoot apex of
Arabidopsis.

Swid N(1), Nevo R(2), Kiss V(2), Kapon R(2), Dagan S(2), Snir O(2), Adam Z(3),
Falconet D(4), Reich Z(2), Charuvi D(5).

Author information: 
(1)The Robert H. Smith Institute of Plant Sciences and Genetics in Agriculture,
Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Rehovot 7610001, Israel; Institute of Plant
Sciences, Agricultural Research Organization - Volcani Center, Rishon LeZion
7505101, Israel; Department of Biomolecular Sciences, Weizmann Institute of
Science, Rehovot 7610001, Israel.
(2)Department of Biomolecular Sciences, Weizmann Institute of Science, Rehovot
7610001, Israel.
(3)The Robert H. Smith Institute of Plant Sciences and Genetics in Agriculture,
Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Rehovot 7610001, Israel.
(4)Laboratoire de Physiologie Cellulaire et Vegetale, LPCV-BIG, UMR 5168
CNRS-CEA-INRA-Universite Grenoble Alpes, 38000 Grenoble, France.
(5)Institute of Plant Sciences, Agricultural Research Organization - Volcani
Center, Rishon LeZion 7505101, Israel. Electronic address:
charuvi@volcani.agri.gov.il.

FtsZ proteins of the FtsZ1 and FtsZ2 families play important roles in the
initiation and progression of plastid division in plants and green algae.
Arabidopsis possesses a single FTSZ1 member and two FTSZ2 members, FTSZ2-1 and
FTSZ2-2. The contribution of these to chloroplast division and partitioning has
been mostly investigated in leaf mesophyll tissues. Here, we assessed the
involvement of the three FtsZs in plastid division at earlier stages of
chloroplast differentiation. To this end, we studied the effect of the absence of
specific FtsZ proteins on plastids in the vegetative shoot apex, where the
proplastid-to-chloroplast transition takes place. We found that the relative
contribution of the two major leaf FtsZ isoforms, FtsZ1 and FtsZ2-1, to the
division process varies with cell lineage and position within the shoot apex.
While FtsZ2-1 dominates division in the L1 and L3 layers of the shoot apical
meristem (SAM), in the L2 layer, FtsZ1 and FtsZ2-1 contribute equally toward the 
process. Depletion of the third isoform, FtsZ2-2, generally resulted in stronger 
effects in the shoot apex than those observed in mature leaves. The implications 
of these findings, along with additional observations made in this work, to our
understanding of the mechanisms and regulation of plastid proliferation in the
shoot apex are discussed.

Copyright c 2018. Published by Elsevier Inc.

DOI: 10.1016/j.ydbio.2018.06.010 
PMID: 29920253 


35. Biochem Biophys Res Commun. 2018 Jun 16. pii: S0006-291X(18)31396-2. doi:
10.1016/j.bbrc.2018.06.084. [Epub ahead of print]

Scallop-derived plasmalogens attenuate the activation of PKC£_ associated with the
brain inflammation.

Sejimo S(1), Hossain MS(2), Akashi K(1).

Author information: 
(1)Department of Medicine and Biosystemic Science Kyushu University Faculty of
Medicine, Graduate School of Medical Sciences, Kyushu University, Fukuoka,
812-8582, Japan.
(2)Department of Neuroinflammation and Brain Fatigue Science, Graduate School of 
Medical Sciences, Kyushu University, Fukuoka, 812-8582, Japan. Electronic
address: shamim@physiol.med.kyushu-u.ac.jp.

Activation of protein kinase C delta (PKC£_) has been linked to the
neuroinflammation but the relationship with the various neurodegenerative
diseases including the Alzheimer's disease (AD) was mostly elusive. In the AD
brains, the special phospholipids, ethanolamine plasmalogens (Pls), were found to
be reduced and our previous study showed that these lipids possess
neuroprotective and anti-inflammatory functions. In the present study, we could
find that these lipids can significantly attenuate the microglial expression of
PKC£_ in the neuroinflammation model and in the AD model mice brains. We also show
an increase of PKC£_ in the human postmortem AD brains. In addition, we also
report that scallop derived Pls (sPls) inhibited the p38MAPK and JNK protein
expression which are involved in the expressional regulation of PKC£_ in the
microglial cells. In addition, the lentiviral shRNA-mediated knockdown of PKC£_
attenuated the LPS-induced p65 (NF-kB) activation and inflammatory cytokine
expression, suggesting that the PKC£_ can induce the inflammatory response which
can be inhibited by the sPls. Taken together, our recent findings suggest that
the sPls can attenuate the increased expression of PKC£_ associated with the
neuro-inflammation in the murine brain.

Copyright c 2018. Published by Elsevier Inc.

DOI: 10.1016/j.bbrc.2018.06.084 
PMID: 29920240 


36. Am J Pathol. 2018 Jun 16. pii: S0002-9440(18)30138-X. doi:
10.1016/j.ajpath.2018.05.008. [Epub ahead of print]

Tumor necrosis factor-£\ initiates miRNA-mRNA signaling cascades in
obstruction-induced bladder dysfunction.

Koeck I(1), Gheinani AH(1), Baumgartner U(2), Vassella E(2), Bruggmann R(3),
Burkhard FC(4), Monastyrskaya K(5).

Author information: 
(1)Urology Research Laboratory, Department for BioMedical Research, University of
Bern, Switzerland.
(2)Institute of Pathology, University of Bern, Bern, Switzerland.
(3)Interfaculty Bioinformatics Unit, University of Bern, Switzerland.
(4)Urology Research Laboratory, Department for BioMedical Research, University of
Bern, Switzerland; Department of Urology, University Hospital, 3010 Bern,
Switzerland.
(5)Urology Research Laboratory, Department for BioMedical Research, University of
Bern, Switzerland; Department of Urology, University Hospital, 3010 Bern,
Switzerland. Electronic address: monastyk@dbmr.unibe.ch.

Bladder outlet obstruction (BOO) and the ensuing clinical lower urinary tract
dysfunction are common in elderly patients. BOO is accompanied by urodynamic
changes in bladder function and leads to organ fibrosis and ultimately loss of
contractility. Comprehensive transcriptome analysis of bladder samples from human
patients with different urodynamically-defined phenotypes of BOO revealed tumor
necrosis factor TNF-£\ as the top upstream signaling pathway regulator. Here we
validated next-generation sequencing and pathway analysis in cell-based models
using bladder smooth muscle and urothelial cells exposed to tumor necrosis factor
(TNF)-£\. MicroRNA profiling and transcriptome analysis of TNF-£\-treated bladder
smooth muscle cells revealed striking similarities with human BOO. Using
comparative approach, TNF-specific and -independent pathways were delineated in
human biopsies. Concomitant down-regulation of smooth muscle cell-specific miRNAs
and smooth muscle markers after TNF-£\ treatment was in accordance with the loss
of contractility in humans in advanced obstruction-induced bladder remodeling.
The expression levels of four abundant TNF-regulated miRNAs were modulated; the
compensatory up-regulation of miR-199a-5p reduced NF-kB signaling. Essential hubs
of TNF-£\ signaling pathways MAP3K5 (ASK1), and IKBKB (IKK£]) were targeted by
miR-199a-5p. MiR-199a-5p might be part of a negative feedback loop, reducing the 
impact of TNF while its down-regulation in acontractile bladders from BOO
patients advances the disease. The compensatory up-regulation of miR-199a-5p
together with TNF-£\ inhibition may be therapeutically beneficial.

Copyright c 2018. Published by Elsevier Inc.

DOI: 10.1016/j.ajpath.2018.05.008 
PMID: 29920227 


37. FASEB J. 2018 Jun 19:fj201700715. doi: 10.1096/fj.201700715. [Epub ahead of
print]

Hypoxic-stabilized EPAS1 proteins transactivate DNMT1 and cause promoter
hypermethylation and transcription inhibition of EPAS1 in non-small cell lung
cancer.

Xu XH(1)(2), Bao Y(3), Wang X(1), Yan F(1), Guo S(1), Ma Y(1), Xu D(4), Jin
L(1)(5), Xu J(6), Wang J(1)(5).

Author information: 
(1)State Key Laboratory of Genetic Engineering, Collaborative Innovation Center
for Genetics and Development, School of Life Sciences, Fudan University,
Shanghai, China.
(2)Clinical and Translational Research Center, Shanghai First Maternity and
Infant Hospital, Tongji University School of Medicine, Shanghai, China.
(3)Department of Cardiothoracic Surgery, Affiliated Hospital of Yangzhou
University, Yangzhou University, Yangzhou, China.
(4)Department of Thoracic Surgery, Huashan Hospital, Fudan University, Shanghai, 
China; and.
(5)Human Phenome Institute, Fudan University, Shanghai, China.
(6)Department of Cardiothoracic Surgery, Changzheng Hospital Affiliated to the
Second Military Medical University, Shanghai, China.

Non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is the leading cause of cancer mortality
globally. Although cigarette smoking is by far the most important risk factor for
lung cancer, the aberrant expression of oncogenes and tumor suppressor genes
contributes a great deal to tumorigenesis. Here, we reveal that aberrant
expression of endothelial PAS domain-containing protein 1 ( EPAS1) gene, which
encodes hypoxia inducible factor 2£\, has a critical role in NSCLC. Our results
showed EPAS1 mRNA was down-regulated in 82.5% of NSCLC tissues, and a new region 
of EPAS1 promoter was found to be highly methylated in lung cancer cell lines and
NSCLC tissues. Moreover, the methylation rates were negatively correlated to
EPAS1 mRNA expression in lung tissues. Further, demethylation analysis
demonstrated EPAS1 was regulated by DNA methyltransferases (DNMTs) in NSCLC. In
contrast, DNMT1 was verified as an EPAS1 target gene by chromatin
immunoprecipitation assay and could be transactivated by stabilized EPAS1
proteins in hypoxic lung cells, thereby decreasing EPAS1 mRNA expression by
methylation regulation. Collectively, our study suggests there might be a
mechanism of negative-feedback regulation for EPAS1 in NSCLC. That is,
hypoxic-stabilized EPAS1 proteins transactivated DNMT1, which further promoted
the hypermethylation of EPAS1 promoter and decreased EPAS1 mRNA expression levels
in NSCLC.-Xu, X.-H., Bao, Y., Wang, X., Yan, F., Guo, S., Ma, Y., Xu, D., Jin,
L., Xu, J., Wang, J. Hypoxic-stabilized EPAS1 proteins transactivate DNMT1 and
cause promoter hypermethylation and transcription inhibition of EPAS1 in
non-small cell lung cancer.

DOI: 10.1096/fj.201700715 
PMID: 29920222 


38. FASEB J. 2018 Jun 19:fj201800334. doi: 10.1096/fj.201800334. [Epub ahead of
print]

Cilia protein IFT88 regulates extracellular protease activity by optimizing
LRP-1-mediated endocytosis.

Coveney CR(1), Collins I(1), Mc Fie M(1), Chanalaris A(1), Yamamoto K(1)(2), Wann
AKT(1).

Author information: 
(1)Arthritis Research UK Centre for Osteoarthritis Pathogenesis, Kennedy
Institute, Nuffield Department for Orthopaedics, Rheumatology, and
Musculoskeletal Sciences, University of Oxford, Oxford, United Kingdom.
(2)Institute of Ageing and Chronic Disease, University of Liverpool, Liverpool,
United Kingdom.

Matrix protease activity is fundamental to developmental tissue patterning and
remains influential in adult homeostasis. In cartilage, the principal matrix
proteoglycan is aggrecan, the protease-mediated catabolism of which defines
arthritis; however, the pathophysiologic mechanisms that drive aberrant
aggrecanolytic activity remain unclear. Human ciliopathies exhibit altered
matrix, which has been proposed to be the result of dysregulated hedgehog
signaling that is tuned within the primary cilium. Here, we report that
disruption of intraflagellar transport protein 88 (IFT88), a core ciliary
trafficking protein, increases chondrocyte aggrecanase activity in vitro. We find
that the receptor for protease endocytosis in chondrocytes, LDL receptor-related 
protein 1 (LRP-1), is unevenly distributed over the cell membrane, often
concentrated at the site of cilia assembly. Hypomorphic mutation of IFT88
disturbs this apparent hot spot for protease uptake, increases receptor shedding,
and results in a reduced rate of protease clearance from the extracellular space.
We propose that IFT88 and/or the cilium regulates the extracellular remodeling of
matrix-independently of Hedgehog regulation-by enabling rapid LRP-1-mediated
endocytosis of proteases, potentially by supporting the creation of a ciliary
pocket. This result highlights new roles for the cilium's machinery in matrix
turnover and LRP-1 function, with potential relevance in a range of
diseases.-Coveney, C. R., Collins, I., Mc Fie, M., Chanalaris, A., Yamamoto, K., 
Wann, A. K. T. Cilia protein IFT88 regulates extracellular protease activity by
optimizing LRP-1-mediated endocytosis.

DOI: 10.1096/fj.201800334 
PMID: 29920219 


39. ACS Synth Biol. 2018 Jun 19. doi: 10.1021/acssynbio.8b00163. [Epub ahead of
print]

Designing motif-engineered receptors to elucidate signaling molecules important
for proliferation of hematopoietic stem cells.

Ishizuka S, Lai CY, Otsu M, Nakauchi H, Nagamune T, Kawahara M.

The understanding of signaling events is critical for attaining long-term
expansion of hematopoietic stem cells ex vivo. In this study, we aim to analyze
the contribution of multiple signaling molecules in proliferation of
hematopoietic stem cells. To this end, we design a bottom-up engineered receptor 
with multiple tyrosine motifs, which can recruit multiple signaling molecules of 
interest. This is followed by a top-down approach, where one of the multiple
tyrosine motifs in the bottom-up engineered receptor is functionally knocked out 
by tyrosine-to-phenylalanine mutation. The combination of these two approaches
demonstrates the importance of Shc in cooperation with STAT3 or STAT5 in the
proliferation of hematopoietic stem cells. The platform developed herein may be
applied for analyzing other cells and/or other cell fate regulation systems.

DOI: 10.1021/acssynbio.8b00163 
PMID: 29920201 


40. J Med Chem. 2018 Jun 19. doi: 10.1021/acs.jmedchem.8b00560. [Epub ahead of print]

New analogs of the complement C3 inhibitor compstatin with increased solubility
and improved pharmacokinetic profile.

Berger N, Alayi T, Resuello RRG, Tuplano JV, Reis ES, Lambris JD.

Improper regulation of complement is associated with various pathologies, and the
clinical demand for compounds that can regulate complement activation is
therefore imperative. Cp40, an analog of the peptide compstatin, inhibits all
complement pathways at the level of the central component C3. We have further
developed Cp40, using either PEGylation at the N-terminus or insertion of charged
amino acids at the C-terminus. The PEGylated analogs are highly soluble and
retained their inhibitory activity, with C3b binding affinity dependent on the
length of the PEG chain. The addition of two or three residues of lysine, in
turn, not only improved the peptide's solubility but also increased the binding
affinity for C3b, while retaining its inhibitory potency. Three of the new
derivatives showed improved pharmacokinetic profiles in vivo in non-human
primates. Given their compelling solubility and pharmacokinetic profiles, these
new Cp40 analogs should broaden the spectrum of administration routes, likely
reducing dosing frequency during chronic treatment and potentially expanding
their range of clinical application.

DOI: 10.1021/acs.jmedchem.8b00560 
PMID: 29920096 


41. Biotechnol J. 2018 Jun 19:e1700598. doi: 10.1002/biot.201700598. [Epub ahead of
print]

CRISPR-mediated Genome Editing and Gene Repression in Scheffersomyces stipitis.

Cao M(1)(2), Gao M(1)(2), Ploessl D(1)(2), Song C(3), Shao Z(1)(2)(4)(5).

Author information: 
(1)Department of Chemical and Biological Engineering, 4140 Biorenewables Research
Laboratory, Iowa State University, Ames, IA 50011, USA.
(2)NSF Engineering Research Center for Biorenewable Chemicals (CBiRC), The Ames
Laboratory 4140 Biorenewables Research Laboratory, Iowa State University, Ames,
IA 50011, USA.
(3)Key Laboratory of Molecular Microbiology and Technology for Ministry of
Education, Nankai University, Tianjin 300071, China.
(4)Interdepartmental Microbiology Program, Key Laboratory of Molecular
Microbiology and Technology for Ministry of Education, Nankai University, Tianjin
300071, China.
(5)The Ames Laboratory 4140 Biorenewables Research Laboratory, Iowa State
University, Ames, IA 50011, USA.

Scheffersomyces stipitis, renowned for its native xylose-utilizing capacity, has 
recently demonstrated its potential in producing health-promoting shikimate
pathway derivatives. However, its broader application is hampered by the low
transformation efficiency and the lack of genetic engineering tools to enable
sophisticated genomic manipulations. S. stipitis employees the predominant
non-homologous end joining (NHEJ) mechanism for repairing DNA double-strand
breaks (DSB), which is less desired due to its incompetence in achieving precise 
genome editing. Using CRISPR technology, here we constructed a ku70£Gku80£G
deficient strain in which homologous recombination (HR)-based genome editing
appeared dominant for the first time in S. stipitis. To build all the essential
tools for efficiently manipulating this highly promising nonconventional
microbial host, the gene knockdown tool was also established, and repression
efficiency was improved by incorporating a transcriptional repressor Mxi1 into
the CRISPR-dCas9 platform. All these results were obtained with the improved
transformation efficiency, which was 191-fold higher than that obtained with the 
traditional parameters used in yeast transformation. This work paves the way for 
advancing a new microbial chassis and provides a guideline for developing
efficient CRISPR tools in other nonconventional yeasts.

This article is protected by copyright. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1002/biot.201700598 
PMID: 29917323 


42. Biotechnol J. 2018 Jun 19:e1700586. doi: 10.1002/biot.201700586. [Epub ahead of
print]

CRISPR-enabled tools for engineering microbial genomes and phenotypes.

Tarasava K(1)(2), Oh EJ(2), Eckert CA(2)(3), Gill RT(1)(2).

Author information: 
(1)Chemical and Biological Engineering, University of Colorado, Boulder, CO.
(2)Renewable and Sustainable Energy Institute, University of Colorado, Boulder,
CO.
(3)Biosciences Center, National Renewable Energy Laboratory, Golden, CO.

In recent years CRISPR-Cas technologies have revolutionized microbial engineering
approaches. Genome editing and non-editing applications of various CRISPR-Cas
systems have expanded the throughput and scale of engineering efforts, as well as
opened up new avenues for manipulating genomes of non-model organisms. As we
expand the range of organisms used for biotechnological applications, we need to 
develop better, more versatile tools for manipulation of these systems. Here we
summarize the current advances in microbial gene editing using CRISPR-Cas based
tools, and highlight state-of-the-art methods for high-throughput, efficient
genome-scale engineering in model organisms Escherichia coli and Saccharomyces
cerevisiae. We also review non-editing CRISPR-Cas applications available for gene
expression manipulation, epigenetic remodeling, RNA editing, labeling and
synthetic gene circuit design. Finally, we point out the areas of research that
need further development in order to expand the range of applications and
increase the utility of these new methods.

This article is protected by copyright. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1002/biot.201700586 
PMID: 29917318 


43. Eur Rev Med Pharmacol Sci. 2018 Jun;22(11):3515-3523. doi:
10.26355/eurrev_201806_15178.

Up-regulation of microRNA-503 by high glucose reduces the migration and
proliferation but promotes the apoptosis of human umbilical vein endothelial
cells by inhibiting the expression of insulin-like growth factor-1 receptor.

Hou LJ(1), Han JJ, Liu Y.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Endocrinology, Affiliated Hospital of Taishan Medical
University, Taian, P.R. China. wandw2013808@163.com.

OBJECTIVE: The present study is aimed to investigate the regulatory effect of
microRNA (miRNA or miR)-503 on endothelial functions, as well as the mechanism by
which high glucose leads to injury of endothelial cells.
MATERIALS AND METHODS: When reaching 80% confluency, human umbilical vein
endothelial cells (HUVECs) were subjected to non-serum synchronization for 12 h, 
and medium of cells in high-glucose (HG) group was replaced by normal medium
supplemented with 25 mmol/L D-glucose. HUVECs cultured in normal glucose (NG)
medium were used as control. To overexpress miR-503, HUVECs were transfected with
miR-503 mimics. To silence insulin-like growth factor-1 receptor (IGF-1R) mRNA,
HUVECs were transfected with small interfering RNA (siRNA). To predict whether
miR-503 targets IGF-1R, bioinformatics was performed. Quantitative Real-time
polymerase chain reaction was used to determine miR-503 and IGF-1R mRNA
expression, and Western blotting was employed to measure IGF-1R protein
expression. Cell-Counting Kit 8 assay was used to determine HUVECs proliferation,
while wound-healing assay was used to evaluate HUVECs migration. HUVECs apoptosis
was investigated by measuring caspase 3 activity.
RESULTS: Expression of IGF-1R in HUVECs in high glucose was decreased compared to
that in normal glucose. miR-503 was predicted to target IGF-1R mRNA, and miR-503 
expression in HUVECs in high glucose was higher than that in normal glucose.
Overexpression of miR-503 inhibited the transcription and the translation of
IGF-1R gene reducing migration, suppressed proliferation and promoted apoptosis. 
Transfection with IGF-1R siRNA decreased IGF-1R protein expression in HUVECs.
Down-regulated IGF-1R expression reduced migration and proliferation, but
promoted apoptosis of HUVECs.
CONCLUSIONS: The present study demonstrates that miR-503 expression in HUVECs is 
elevated in high glucose condition. Also, miR-503 reduces migration and
proliferation, but promotes apoptosis of HUVECs by inhibiting IGF-1R expression.


PMID: 29917206 


44. Eur Rev Med Pharmacol Sci. 2018 Jun;22(11):3430-3438. doi:
10.26355/eurrev_201806_15166.

MicroRNA-1266 suppresses papillary thyroid carcinoma cell metastasis and growth
via targeting FGFR2.

Fu YT(1), Zheng HB, Zhang DQ, Zhou L, Sun H.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Thyroid Surgery, China-Japan Union Hospital of Jilin University,
Changchun, China. Haibozheng86@sina.com.

OBJECTIVE: To explore the effects of microRNA-1266 (miR-1266) on metastasis and
growth in papillary thyroid carcinoma cells and to provide therapeutic targets
for papillary thyroid carcinoma.
PATIENTS AND METHODS: By quantitative Real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR), 
miR-1266 expression level in 38 pairs of papillary thyroid carcinoma tissues and 
three breast cancer-derived cell lines was examined. After transfection with
miR-1266 mimics, the effects of miR-1266 over-expression on cell proliferation,
invasion and migration were analyzed. Further, we employed several databases for 
the target gene prediction. Dual-luciferase activity assay was performed to
verify whether FGFR2 was the direct target gene of miR-1266. Western blotting was
conducted to detect protein levels.
RESULTS: MiR-1266 was significantly downregulated in papillary thyroid carcinoma 
tissue samples and cell lines. Over-expression of miR-1266 in papillary thyroid
carcinoma cells significantly attenuated the cell proliferation, invasion, and
migration. Dual-luciferase report assay and Western blotting confirmed that FGFR2
was a target gene of miR-1266. Furthermore, up-regulation of FGFR2 partially
reversed the suppressive effects of miR-1266 over-expression on cell growth and
progression.
CONCLUSIONS: miR-1266 could inhibit cell proliferation and progression of
papillary thyroid carcinoma via targeting FGFR2. Our findings might provide a new
target for the diagnosis and treatment of papillary thyroid carcinoma.


PMID: 29917195 


45. Eur Rev Med Pharmacol Sci. 2018 Jun;22(11):3363-3369. doi:
10.26355/eurrev_201806_15157.

Effects of paclitaxel combined with miR-448 on growth and proliferation of
bladder cancer EJ cells.

Wang Y(1), Li LJ, Qiu MX, Gong BS.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Urology, Sichuan Academy of Medical Sciences and Sichuan
Provincial People's Hospital, Chengdu, Sichuan, China. hehehuangzhan@163.com.

OBJECTIVE: Bladder cancer is one of the most common malignant tumors of the
urinary system characterized by a high recurrence rate after treatment.
Paclitaxel is a new type of anti-neoplastic agent used for treatment by
inhibiting the proliferation of bladder cancer cells. This study aimed to explore
the mechanism of paclitaxel on the inhibition of bladder cancer cell
proliferation by applying paclitaxel combined with miR-448 on bladder cancer
cells.
MATERIALS AND METHODS: Bladder cancer EJ cells were divided into 5 groups,
including control group, paclitaxel group, negative control (NC) group,
microRNA-448 (miR-448) mimic group, and paclitaxel combined with miR-448 mimic
group. Cell apoptosis was tested by flow cytometry. Cell proliferation was
determined by cell counting kit 8 (CCK8) assay. The regulation of miR-448 on B
cell lymphoma 2 (Bcl-2) gene was assessed by dual luciferase reporter assay.
Bcl-2 protein expression was detected by Western blot.
RESULTS: The apoptotic rate of cells was significantly increased, while the cell 
proliferation ability was significantly reduced in paclitaxel group and miR-448
mimic group compared with control (p<0.05). Cell apoptotic rate in paclitaxel
combined with miR-448 mimic group was markedly higher than that of paclitaxel
group (p<0.05). MiR-448 can bind to the 3'UTR region of Bcl-2 mRNA and regulate
the expression of Bcl-2. The expression of Bcl-2 protein in paclitaxel group and 
miR-448 mimic group was significantly lower than that in control group and higher
than paclitaxel combined with miR-448 mimic group (p<0.05).
CONCLUSIONS: Paclitaxel combined with miR-448 promoted EJ cell apoptosis and
inhibited cell proliferation by suppressing Bcl-2 gene expression.


PMID: 29917187 


46. Eur Rev Med Pharmacol Sci. 2018 Jun;22(11):3333-3341. doi:
10.26355/eurrev_201806_15153.

MiR-143 regulates proliferation and apoptosis of myelocytic leukemia cell HL-60
via modulating ERK1.

Song B(1), Tang YJ, Zhang WG, Wan CC, Chen Y, Zhang LJ.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Hematology, Affiliated Taihe Hospital of Xi'an Jiaotong
University Health Science Center, Shiyan, Hubei, China. kansong96417@163.com.

OBJECTIVE: Extracellular signal-regulated kinase (ERK)/mitogen activated protein 
kinase (MAPK) signaling pathway is widely involved in cell proliferation and
invasion regulation. Enhanced expression or function of ERK1 is important for
leukemia. Abnormal down-regulation of microRNA (miR)-143 is correlated with
leukemia pathogenesis, indicating possible tumor-suppressing role. Bioinformatics
analysis showed the existence of complementary binding sites between miR-143 and 
ERK1. This study aims to investigate whether the miR-143 plays a role in
mediating ERK1 expression and proliferation and apoptosis of leukemia cells.
PATIENTS AND METHODS: Dual luciferase reporter gene assay confirmed targeted
regulation between miR-143 and ERK1. Quantitative RT-PCR (qRT-PCR) was used to
measure and compare the peripheral miR-143 and ERK1 expression between healthy
and acute promyelocytic leukemia (APL) patients to analyze the effect of miR-143 
and MEK1 on survival and prognosis. Cultured HL-60 cells were treated with
miR-143 mimic or small interfering RNA (siRNA)-ERK1, followed by qRT-PCR to
measure miR-143 expression. Western blot quantified expression of ERK1 and
p-ERK1, flow cytometry measured apoptosis, and EdU staining measured
proliferation.
RESULTS: MiR-143 targeted and modulated ERK1. APL patients presented lower
miR-143 and higher ERK1 in peripheral blood. Those with miR-143 down-regulation
displayed worse prognosis than those with high miR-143 expression (£q2 = 5.198, p 
= 0.039). Patients with ERK1 mRNA low-expression presented better prognosis than 
those a having higher expression (Log-rank test, £q2 = 5.873, p = 0.028).
Transfection of miR-143 mimic or siRNA-ERK1 remarkably suppressed ERK1 and p-ERK1
expression in HL-60 cells, inhibited cell proliferation and induced cell
apoptosis.
CONCLUSIONS: MiR-143 down-regulation and ERK1 up-regulation are correlated with
APL pathogenesis. Their expression level affected patient's prognosis. MiR-143
targeted and inhibited ERK1 expression, weakened proliferation potency of HL-60
cells, and induced apoptosis.


PMID: 29917183 


47. Oncol Rep. 2018 Jun 18. doi: 10.3892/or.2018.6503. [Epub ahead of print]

Androgen receptor induces EPHA3 expression by interacting with transcription
factor SP1.

Diao X(1), Chen X(2), Pi Y(2), Zhang Y(2), Wang F(2), Liu P(2), Gao Y(2), Wang
X(2), Yang S(3), Lu S(2).

Author information: 
(1)School of Life Sciences, Jiangsu Key Laboratory for Molecular and Medical
Biotechnology, Nanjing Normal University, Nanjing, Jiangsu 210023, P.R.?China.
(2)School of Life Sciences, Jiangsu Key Laboratory for Molecular and Medical
Biotechnology, Nanjing Normal University, Nanjing, Jiangsu 210023, P.R. China.
(3)ABSL?III Laboratory, Center for Animal Experiments and State Key Laboratory of
Virology, Wuhan University School of Medicine, Wuhan, Hubei 430071, P.R.?China.

Erythropoietin?producing hepatocellular carcinoma cell surface type?A receptor?3 
(EPHA3) has been found to promote the proliferation and survival of prostate
cancer (PCa) cell lines and prostate tumor development in nude mice. However, the
regulation of EPHA3 in PCa remains largely unknown. This study is aimed to
investigate the association between EPHA3 expression and androgen receptor (AR)
signaling and the potential mechanism. We determined mRNA and protein levels of
EPHA3 and AR signaling?related genes in the PCa cell line 22Rv1 by reverse
transcription?polymerase chain reaction (RT?PCR) and western blotting,
respectively. The EPHA3 mRNA and protein levels were both found to be elevated by
dihydrotestosterone (DHT) hormone in a dose? and time?dependent manner, as AR and
prostate?specific antigen (PSA) expression were increased. Similarly, EPHA3
protein levels were also increased in the PCa cell line LNCaP stimulated with DHT
or mibolerone (Mib). Overexpression of pEGFP?AR in 22Rv1 cells significantly
increased the EphA3 level, while AR knockdown with small interfering RNA (siRNA) 
for AR (siAR) markedly decreased the expression of EPHA3. The key EPHA3 promoter 
region associated with AR regulation was evaluated by co?transfection of various 
pGL3?basic?luciferase reporter plasmids, containing EPHA3 core promoter fragments
differing in length, with the AR plasmid or siAR into 22Rv1 cells. AR
overexpression in 22Rvl cells raised the EphA3 promoter transcription activity of
pGL3?EPHA3?Luc (EPHA3?Luc)?789, and vice versa. Similarly, luciferase activity of
EPHA3?Luc?317 was also clearly affected. However, truncated EPHA3?Luc?237 without
the transcription factor specific protein 1 (SP1) binding sites or
EPHA3?Luc?789£GSP1 with modified SP1 binding sites clearly decreased EPHA3
promoter activity regardless of whether AR was overexpressed or blocked.
Treatment of 22Rv1 cells with 10 and 100?nM of the SP1 inhibitor mithramycin?A
for 24 and 48?h significantly reduced EPHA3 mRNA and protein levels.
Additionally, selective inhibition of SP1 with siRNA SP1 (siSP1) at various
concentration from 25 to 75?nM, reduced the EPHA3 protein level in PCa LNCaP
cells, accordingly. Co?immunoprecipitation (co?IP) and chromatin IP (ChIP) assays
were performed to determine whether AR forms a transcription factor complex with 
Sp1 that binds the EPHA3 core promoter region to sense androgen induction. The
result suggests that the interaction of AR and SP1 contributes to regulate EPHA3 
expression, and the SP1 binding sites (?295~?261) in the EPHA3 core promoter
region is crucial to the regulation of EPHA3 expression in response to androgen
hormone stimuli.

DOI: 10.3892/or.2018.6503 
PMID: 29917167 


48. Plant Cell Physiol. 2018 Jun 15. doi: 10.1093/pcp/pcy111. [Epub ahead of print]

SlPti4 Affects Regulation of Fruit Ripening, Seed Germination, and Stress
Responses by Modulating ABA Signaling in Tomato.

Sun Y(1), Liang B(1), Wang J(1), Kai W(1), Chen P(1), Jiang L(1), Du Y(1), Leng
P(1).

Author information: 
(1)College of Horticulture, China Agricultural University, Beijing 100193, China.

Although the role of ethylene-response factor (ERF) Pti4 in disease resistance
has been demonstrated in higher plants, it is presently unknown whether the
tomato SlPti4 protein plays a role in the regulation of fruit development and the
stress response. Here, we show that SlPti4 is involved in the regulation of fruit
ripening, seed germination, and responses to drought and Botrytis cinerea
infection through adjustments to ABA metabolism and signaling. SlPti4 gene
expression is very low early in fruit development, but increases rapidly during
ripening and can be induced by exogenous ABA and 1-aminocyclopropane
1-carboxylate (ACC). RNA interference (RNAi)-induced silencing of SlPti4 leads to
the increase of ABA accumulation together with the decrease of ethylene release
which causes the high expression level of SlBcyc, thereby the transgenic fruit is
orange instead of red of the WT fruit during ripening. SlPti4-RNAi seeds
accumulate less ABA and mRNA for ABA receptor SlPYL genes, which causes
insensitivity to ABA treatment. SlPti4-RNAi transgenic plants with low ABA levels
and high ethylene release were more sensitive to drought stress. SlPti4-RNAi
plants showed weaker resistance on B. cinerea infection than WT plants as well.
Thus, SlPti4 is an important regulator of tomato fruit ripening, seed
germination, and abiotic/biotic stress responses. This study expands our
knowledge on diverse plant physiologies which is regulated by ABA signaling and
function of SlPti4.

DOI: 10.1093/pcp/pcy111 
PMID: 29917161 


49. Poult Sci. 2018 Jun 16. doi: 10.3382/ps/pey135. [Epub ahead of print]

The molecular basis for host responses to Marek's disease viruses integrated with
different retro-viral long terminal repeat.

Zhou Z(1)(2)(3), Cui N(4), Su S(1)(2)(3), Sun S(1)(2)(3), Cui Z(1)(2)(3).

Author information: 
(1)College of Veterinary Medicine, Shandong Agricultural University, Tai'an,
Shandong 271018, China.
(2)Shandong Provincial Key Laboratory of Animal Biotechnology and Disease Control
and Prevention, Shandong Agricultural University, Tai'an, Shandong 271018, China.
(3)Shandong Provincial Engineering Technology Research Center of Animal Disease
Control and Prevention, Shandong Agricultural University, Tai'an, Shandong
271018, China.
(4)Shandong Key Laboratory of Animal Disease Control & Breeding; Institute of
Animal Science and Veterinary Medicine, Shandong Academy of Agricultural
Sciences, Jinan 250100, China.

Integration of retro-viral long terminal repeat (LTR) into the Marek's disease
virus (MDV) genome can occur both in co-cultivation cell cultures and naturally
in dual infected chickens. It is clear that the LTR insert is associated with the
pathogenicity of MDV. The objective of this study was to compare the host
responses to MDV with a different retro-viral LTR insert. Gene-chip containing
chicken genome was employed to investigate the gene transcription profile of
chicken embryo fibroblasts cells, and 795 genes were differentially expressed in 
chicken embryo fibroblasts infected with GX0101 with a reticuloendotheliosis
virus LTR insert as compared to GX0101-ALV-LTR significantly. The differentially 
expressed genes were mostly associated with the regulation of transcription and
the development of multiple organs. Based on the bio functions of the
differential genes, infection of GX0101 was predicated with a greater development
disorder of multiple systems, resulting in higher growth retardation, mortality, 
tumorigenicity, and immunosuppression in chickens than GX0101-ALV-LTR.
Collectively, our results provided valuable insights into elucidation of the
possible relationship between retro-viral LTR insert and the observed phenotypes 
caused by MDV recombinant viruses.

DOI: 10.3382/ps/pey135 
PMID: 29917138 


50. Tree Physiol. 2018 Jun 15. doi: 10.1093/treephys/tpy058. [Epub ahead of print]

Proteomic analysis on mangrove plant Avicennia marina leaves reveals nitric oxide
enhances the salt tolerance by up-regulating photosynthetic and energy metabolic 
protein expression.

Shen ZJ(1), Chen J(1)(2), Ghoto K(1), Hu WJ(1)(3), Gao GF(1), Luo MR(1), Li Z(1),
Simon M(1), Zhu XY(1), Zheng HL(1).

Author information: 
(1)Key Laboratory of the Ministry of Education for Coastal and Wetland
Ecosystems, College of the Environment and Ecology, Xiamen University, Xiamen,
Fujian, PR China.
(2)Key Laboratory of Integrated Regulation and Resource Department on Shallow
Lakes, Ministry of Education, College of Environment, Hohai University, Nanjing, 
Jiangsu, PR China.
(3)Zhejiang Academy of Agricultural Sciences, Hangzhou, Zhejiang, PR China.

Avicennia marina (Forsk.) Vierh is one of the most salt-tolerant mangrove
species. Our previous study revealed that nitric oxide (NO) enhanced the salt
tolerance of A. marina by promoting salt secretion and Na+ sequestration under
salt stress. However, little is known about the regulation of NO on proteomic
profiling for this mangrove species. In this study, we used sodium nitroprusside 
(SNP), an NO donor, to investigate the regulatory mechanism of NO on salt
tolerance of A. marina according to physiological and proteomic aspects.
Photosynthesis data showed that the reduction in photosynthesis caused by high
salinity treatment (400 mM NaCl) could be partially recovered by addition of SNP 
(100 £gM). Further analysis revealed that the high salinity treatment could induce
not only the stomatal limitation but also non-stomatal limitation on
photosynthetic reduction, while SNP addition could restore the non-stomatal
limitation, implying that the application of SNP was beneficial to the metabolic 
process in leaves. Proteomic analysis identified 49 differentially expressed
proteins involved in various biological processes such as photosynthesis, energy 
metabolism, primary metabolism, RNA transcription, protein translation and stress
response proteins. Under high salinity treatment, the abundances of proteins
related to photosynthesis, such as ribulose-phosphate 3-epimerase (RPE, spot 3), 
RuBisCO large subunit (RBCL, spot 4, 5, 24), RuBisCO activase A (RCA, spot 17,
18) and quinine oxidoreductase-like protein isoform 1 (QOR1, spot 23), were
significantly decreased. However, the abundance of proteins such as RBCL (spot 5,
9) and QOR1 (spot 23) were increased by SNP addition. In addition, exogenous NO
supply alleviated salt tolerance by increasing the accumulation of some proteins 
involved in energy metabolism (spot 15), primary metabolism (spot 25, 45, 46),
RNA transcription (spot 36) and stress response proteins (spot 12, 21, 26, 37,
43). The transcriptional levels of nine selected proteins were mostly consistent 
with their protein abundance except spot 46. Overall, the presented data
demonstrated that NO has a positive effect on improving salt tolerance in A.
marina by regulating the protein abundance involved in photosynthesis, energy
metabolism, primary metabolism and stress response.

DOI: 10.1093/treephys/tpy058 
PMID: 29917117 


51. Integr Comp Biol. 2018 Jun 18. doi: 10.1093/icb/icy061. [Epub ahead of print]

Inference of developmental gene regulatory networks beyond classical model
systems: new approaches in the post-genomic era.

Fernandez-Valverde SL(1), Aguilera F(2), Ramos-Diaz RA(1).

Author information: 
(1)CONACYT, Unidad de Genomica Avanzada, Laboratorio Nacional de Genomica para la
Biodiversidad (Langebio), Centro de Investigacion y de Estudios Avanzados del
IPN, Irapuato, Guanajuato, Mexico.
(2)Departamento de Bioquimica y Biologia Molecular, Facultad de Ciencias
Biologicas, Universidad de Concepcion, Chile.

SYNOPSIS: The advent of high-throughput sequencing technologies has
revolutionized the way we understand the transformation of genetic information
into morphological traits. Elucidating the network of interactions between genes 
that govern cell differentiation through development is one of the core
challenges in genome research. These networks are known as developmental gene
regulatory networks (dGRNs) and consist largely of the functional linkage between
developmental control genes, cis-regulatory modules and differentiation genes,
which generate spatially and temporally refined patterns of gene expression. Over
the last 20 years, great advances have been made in determining these gene
interactions mainly in classical model systems, including human, mouse, sea
urchin, fruit fly, and worm. This has brought about a radical transformation in
the fields of developmental biology and evolutionary biology, allowing the
generation of high-resolution gene regulatory maps to analyse cell
differentiation during animal development. Such maps have enabled the
identification of gene regulatory circuits and have led to the development of
network inference methods that can recapitulate the differentiation of specific
cell-types or developmental stages. In contrast, dGRN research in non-classical
model systems has been limited to the identification of developmental control
genes via the candidate gene approach and the characterization of their
spatiotemporal expression patterns, as well as to the discovery of cis-regulatory
modules via patterns of sequence conservation and/or predicted
transcription-factor binding sites. However, thanks to the continuous advances in
high-throughput sequencing technologies, this scenario is rapidly changing. Here,
we give a historical overview on the architecture and elucidation of the dGRNs.
Subsequently, we summarize the approaches available to unravel these regulatory
networks, highlighting the vast range of possibilities of integrating multiple
technical advances and theoretical approaches to expand our understanding on the 
global of gene regulation during animal development in non-classical model
systems. Such new knowledge will not only lead to greater insights into the
evolution of molecular mechanisms underlying cell identity and animal body plans,
but also into the evolution of morphological key innovations in animals.

DOI: 10.1093/icb/icy061 
PMID: 29917089 


52. Curr Opin Nephrol Hypertens. 2018 Jun 18. doi: 10.1097/MNH.0000000000000438.
[Epub ahead of print]

Epithelial sodium channel biogenesis and quality control in the early secretory
pathway.

Buck TM(1), Brodsky JL.

Author information: 
(1)Department of Biological Sciences, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh,
Pennsylvania, USA.

PURPOSE OF REVIEW: The epithelial sodium channel, ENaC, is responsible for Na
reabsorption in several epithelia and is composed of homologous £\, £], and £^
subunits. Here, we will explore the differential regulation of ENaC subunits
during biogenesis in the early secretory pathway.
RECENT FINDINGS: ENaC subunits are subject to numerous posttranslational
modifications, including glycosylation, protease activation, disulfide bond
formation, palmitoylation, and glycosylation, each of which modulate channel
function. For example, glycan addition is regulated by sodium and affects
protease activation at the cell surface, protein trafficking, sodium-dependent
regulation, and sodium transport. Glycosylation of the £\ subunit also determines 
whether a chaperone, Lhs1/GRP170, selects the protein for endoplasmic
reticulum-associated degradation. Recognition by this chaperone is blocked by
assembly of the ENaC transmembrane domains. In contrast, cytosolic lysines are
acetylated in the early secretory pathway, which inhibits ubiquitination and
endocytosis at the cell surface.
SUMMARY: As sodium reabsorption by ENaC in the distal nephron regulates salt and 
water homeostasis, ENaC function is critical for human health. Therefore,
identifying and characterizing modifiers of ENaC in the early secretory pathway
may provide both new therapeutic targets and further our basic understanding of
membrane protein assembly and regulation.

DOI: 10.1097/MNH.0000000000000438 
PMID: 29916852 


53. Environ Health Perspect. 2018 Jun 15;126(6):065001. doi: 10.1289/EHP2727.
eCollection 2018 Jun.

Evaluation and Management Strategies for Per- and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances
(PFASs) in Drinking Water Aquifers: Perspectives from Impacted U.S. Northeast
Communities.

Guelfo JL(1), Marlow T(2), Klein DM(3), Savitz DA(4), Frickel S(2), Crimi M(5),
Suuberg EM(1).

Author information: 
(1)School of Engineering, Brown University, Providence, Rhode Island, USA.
(2)Department of Sociology and Institute at Brown for Environment and Society,
Brown University, Providence, Rhode Island, USA.
(3)Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, Brown University, Providence,
Rhode Island, USA.
(4)Departments of Epidemiology and Obstetrics and Gynecology, Brown University,
Providence, Rhode Island, USA.
(5)Department of Engineering and Management, Clarkson University, Potsdam, New
York, USA.

BACKGROUND: Multiple Northeast U.S. communities have discovered per- and
polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFASs) in drinking water aquifers in excess of
health-based regulatory levels or advisories. Regional stakeholders (consultants,
regulators, and others) need technical background and tools to mitigate risks
associated with exposure to PFAS-affected groundwater.
OBJECTIVES: The aim was to identify challenges faced by stakeholders to extend
best practices to other regions experiencing PFAS releases and to establish a
framework for research strategies and best management practices.
METHODS AND APPROACH: Management challenges were identified during stakeholder
engagement events connecting attendees with PFAS experts in focus areas,
including fate/transport, toxicology, and regulation. Review of the literature
provided perspective on challenges in all focus areas. Publicly available data
were used to characterize sources of PFAS impacts in groundwater and conduct a
geospatial case study of potential source locations relative to drinking water
aquifers in Rhode Island.
DISCUSSION: Challenges in managing PFAS impacts in drinking water arise from the 
large number of relevant PFASs, unconsolidated information regarding sources, and
limited studies on some PFASs. In particular, there is still considerable
uncertainty regarding human health impacts of PFASs. Frameworks sequentially
evaluating exposure, persistence, and treatability can prioritize PFASs for
evaluation of potential human health impacts. A regional case study illustrates
how risk-based, geospatial methods can help address knowledge gaps regarding
potential sources of PFASs in drinking water aquifers and evaluate risk of
exposure.
CONCLUSION: Lessons learned from stakeholder engagement can assist in developing 
strategies for management of PFASs in other regions. However, current management 
practices primarily target a subset of PFASs for which in-depth studies are
available. Exposure to less-studied, co-occurring PFASs remains largely
unaddressed. Frameworks leveraging the current state of science can be applied
toward accelerating this process and reducing exposure to total PFASs in drinking
water, even as research regarding health effects continues.
https://doi.org/10.1289/EHP2727.

DOI: 10.1289/EHP2727 
PMID: 29916808 


54. J Proteome Res. 2018 Jun 19. doi: 10.1021/acs.jproteome.8b00294. [Epub ahead of
print]

Quantitative proteomics and phosphoproteomics analysis revealed different
regulatory mechanisms of Halothane and Rendement Napole genes in porcine muscle
metabolism.

Huang H, Scheffler TL, Gerrard DE, Larsen MR, Lametsch R.

Pigs with the Halothane (HAL) and/or Rendement Napole (RN) gene mutations
demonstrate abnormal muscle energy metabolism patterns and produce meat with poor
quality, classified as pale, soft and exudative (PSE) meat, but it is not well
understood how HAL and RN mutations regulate glucose and energy metabolism in
porcine muscle. In order to investigate the potential signaling pathways and
phosphorylation events related to these mutations, muscle samples were collected 
from four genotypes of pigs: wildtype, RN, HAL and RN-HAL double mutations and
subjected to quantitative proteomic and phosphoproteomic analysis using the TiO2 
enrichment strategy. The study led to the identification of 932 proteins from the
non-modified peptide fractions and 1885 phosphoproteins with 9619 phosphorylation
sites from the enriched fractions. Among them, 128 proteins at total protein
level and 323 phosphosites from 91 phosphoproteins were significantly regulated
in mutant genotypes. The quantitative analysis revealed that the RN mutation
mainly affected the protein expression abundance in muscle. Specifically, high
expression was observed for proteins related to mitochondrial respiratory chain
and energy metabolism, thereby enhancing the muscle oxidative capacity. The high 
content of UDP-glucose pyrophosphorylase 2 (UGP2) in RN mutant animals may
contribute to high glycogen storage. However, the HAL mutation mainly contribute 
to the up-regulation of phosphorylation in proteins related to calcium signaling,
muscle contraction, glycogen, glucose and energy metabolism, and cellular stress.
The increased phosphorylation of Ca2+/calmodulin dependent protein kinase II
(CAMK2) in HAL mutation may play as a key regulator in these processes of muscle.
Our findings indicate the different regulatory mechanisms of RN and HAL mutations
in relation to porcine muscle energy metabolism and meat quality.

DOI: 10.1021/acs.jproteome.8b00294 
PMID: 29916714 


55. J Agric Food Chem. 2018 Jun 19. doi: 10.1021/acs.jafc.8b01870. [Epub ahead of
print]

Involvement of Three CsRHM Genes from Camellia sinensis in UDP-rhamnose
Biosynthesis.

Dai X, Zhao G, Jiao T, Wu Y, Li X, Zhou K, Gao L, Xia T.

UDP-rhamnose synthase (RHM), the branch-point enzyme controlling the nucleotide
sugar interconversion pathway, converts UDP-D-glucose into UDP-rhamnose. As a
rhamnose residue donor, UDP-L-rhamnose is essential for the biosynthesis of
pectic polysaccharides and secondary metabolites in plants. In this study, three 
CsRHM genes from tea plants (Camellia sinensis) were cloned and characterized.
Enzyme assays showed that three recombinant proteins displayed RHM activity and
were involved in the biosynthesis of UDP-rhamnose in vitro. The transcript
profiles, metabolite profiles, and mucilage location suggest that the three CsRHM
genes likely contribute to UDP-rhamnose biosynthesis and may be involved in
primary wall formation in C. sinensis. These analyses of CsRHM genes and
metabolite profiles provide a comprehensive understanding of secondary metabolite
biosynthesis and regulation in tea plants. Moreover, our results can be applied
for the synthesis of the secondary metabolite rhamnoside in future studies.

DOI: 10.1021/acs.jafc.8b01870 
PMID: 29916708 


56. G Ital Med Lav Ergon. 2017 Nov;39(1):42-48.

Job insecurity, subjective well-being and the moderating role of locomotion.

Bobbio A(1), Manganelli AM(1), Cannone S(1).

Author information: 
(1)Department of Philosophy, Sociology, Education and Applied Psychology,
University of Padova, Italy.

OBJECTIVES: This paper addresses the moderating role of locomotion - a functional
and fundamental dimension of self-regulation - in the relationship between job
insecurity and subjective well-being.
METHODS: A group of 205 adult Italian workers took part in the research by
filling out an anonymous questionnaire that included measures of job insecurity, 
locomotion, satisfaction with life, positive and negative affect.
RESULTS: Results showed that job insecurity was positively related to negative
affect and negatively related to life satisfaction and positive affect.
CONCLUSIONS: Locomotion was positively related to life satisfaction and positive 
affect and acted as a moderator only in the case of the link between job
insecurity and negative affect. This means that when perceived insecurity is
high, negative affect is lower for respondents scoring high versus low on
locomotion. Results and suggestions for future studies are presented and
discussed.

Publisher: L¡¦articolo presenta i risultati di uno studio sul ruolo moderatore
della ¡¥locomozione¡¦ (locomotion) ¡V una dimensione funzionale fondamentale della
regolazione individuale della condotta ¡V nella relazione che esiste tra
insicurezza lavorativa e benessere soggettivo. Un gruppo di 205 adulti lavoratori
italiani ha preso parte alla ricerca compilando un questionario anonimo che
includeva misure di insicurezza lavorativa, locomozione, soddisfazione per la
vita, affettivita positiva e negativa. I risultati hanno mostrato l¡¦esistenza di 
una relazione positiva tra insicurezza lavorativa e affettivita negativa e di una
relazione negativa tra insicurezza lavorativa e affettivita positiva. Inoltre, la
locomozione e risultata essere positivamente correlata alla soddisfazione per la 
vita e all¡¦affettivita positiva e ha agito come moderatore solo nel caso della
relazione esistente tra insicurezza lavorativa e affettivita negativa. Pertanto, 
quando l¡¦insicurezza lavorativa e percepita come elevata, coloro che mostrano i
punteggi piu elevati sulla scala di locomozione sperimentano un livello piu basso
di affettivita negativa rispetto a coloro che, sulla medesima scala di
locomozione, ottengono punteggi piu bassi. I risultati, unitamente ad alcuni
suggerimenti per applicazioni e studi futuri, vengono presentati e discussi.
Copyrightc by Aracne Editrice, Roma, Italy.


PMID: 29916620 

Conflict of interest statement: The authors of this article have no conflict of
interests to disclose.


57. Mol Med Rep. 2018 Jun 18. doi: 10.3892/mmr.2018.9184. [Epub ahead of print]

Regulatory effects of microRNA?184 on osteosarcoma via the Wnt/£]?catenin
signaling pathway.

Du Z(1), Li F(1), Wang L(1), Huang H(1), Xu S(1).

Author information: 
(1)Department of Orthopedics, The People's Hospital of Liaoning, Shenyang,
Liaoning 110016, P.R. China.

The present study aimed to investigate the role of microRNA (miRNA/miR)?184 in
osteosarcoma growth, development and metastasis, and the effects of miRNA?184 on 
the proliferation, invasion and metastasis of osteosarcoma cells and associated
mechanisms. In?vitro, miR?184 was transfected into U?2OS cells and 143B cells.
Reverse transcription?quantitative polymerase chain reaction (RT?qPCR) was used
to detect the expression of miR?184. MTT was utilized to detect cell
proliferation. A Transwell assay was applied to detect cell invasiveness.
In?vivo, an osteosarcoma tibial orthotopic metastatic tumor model was
established, and western blotting and RT?qPCR were used to detect the expression 
of Wnt and £]?catenin. Following the overexpression of miR?184, the proliferation 
and cell invasion ability were significantly increased in U?2OS and 143B cells.
Following inhibition of miR?184, cell proliferation and cell invasion ability
were significantly decreased. In nude mice, tumor volume significantly increased 
following overexpression of miR?184, and Wnt and phosphorylated £]?catenin levels 
were significantly increased. Following miR?184 inhibition, tumor volume was
significantly decreased, and Wnt and phosphorylated £]?catenin levels were
significantly decreased. The results of the present study indicated that the
Wnt/£]?catenin signaling pathway serves a key function in the mechanism of
osteosarcoma. Inhibition of miRNA?184 may reduce tumor volume of osteosarcoma via
regulation of the Wnt/£]?catenin signaling pathway and may provide a novel
strategy for the future diagnosis and treatment of osteosarcoma.

DOI: 10.3892/mmr.2018.9184 
PMID: 29916553 


58. Mol Med Rep. 2018 Jun 15. doi: 10.3892/mmr.2018.9177. [Epub ahead of print]

Inhibitory effects of TGP on KGF?induced hyperproliferation of HaCaT cells via
suppression of the p38 MAPK/NF?£eB p65 pathway.

Pang W(1), Qi X(1), Cao C(1), Zhang S(1).

Author information: 
(1)College of Traditional Chinese Medicine, Shanxi University of Chinese
Medicine, Taiyuan, Shanxi 030619, P.R. China.

Psoriasis is a chronic inflammatory skin disease, primarily caused by overgrowth 
and abnormal differentiation of epidermal keratinocytes. Studies have suggested
that keratinocyte growth factor (KGF) may be involved in the regulation of
differentiation and development of keratinocytes. Total glucosides of peony (TGP)
have been widely used for the treatment of psoriasis. The present study aimed to 
determine whether the therapeutic effect of TGP on psoriasis is mediated by
modulation of the p38 mitogen?activated protein kinase (p38?MAPK)/nuclear factor 
(NF)?£eB?p65 signaling pathways. Cell proliferation was evaluated by CCK?8 and
cell cycle was assessed by flow cytometry assay. Protein and mRNA expression of
genes were determined by western blot and reverse transcription?quantitative
polymerase chain reaction, respectively. The results of the present study
demonstrated that KGF can promote proliferation of HaCaT cells in a
dose?dependent manner. In addition, it was demonstrated that TGP may suppress the
hyperproliferation of HaCaT cells stimulated by KGF by inducing arrest of the
cell cycle at the G1?phase. The expression levels of the proinflammatory
cytokines interleukin (IL)?22 and vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) were 
markedly elevated in cells treated with KGF, whereas they were downregulated in
cells treated with TGP. Furthermore, combination treatments with p38?MAPK
inhibitor SB203580 and KGF, or TGP and KGF suppressed the mRNA and protein
expression levels of IL?22 and VEGF, compared with cells treated with KGF alone. 
Furthermore, the expression profiles of phosphorylated?p38?MAPK and NF?£eB?p65
were similar to those of IL?22 and VEGF. The results of the present study
suggested that the therapeutic effect of TGP on psoriasis may be mediated by
modulation of the p38?MAPK/NF?£eB?p65 signaling pathway. The results of the
present study contribute to the understanding of the role of TGP in the treatment
of psoriasis. The present study provides insights suggesting that p38?MAPK may be
a novel regulatory signaling pathway for the treatment of psoriasis.

DOI: 10.3892/mmr.2018.9177 
PMID: 29916542 


59. Mol Med Rep. 2018 Jun 15. doi: 10.3892/mmr.2018.9176. [Epub ahead of print]

PEP?1?glutaredoxin 1 protects against hippocampal neuronal cell damage from
oxidative stress via regulation of MAPK and apoptotic signaling pathways.

Ryu EJ(1), Kim DW(2), Shin MJ(1), Jo HS(1), Park JH(1), Cho SB(1), Lee CH(1), Yeo
HJ(1), Yeo EJ(1), Choi YJ(1), Kim DS(3), Cho SW(4), Cho YJ(5), Sohn EJ(1), Son
O(1), Lee KW(1), Han KH(1), Park J(1), Eum WS(1), Choi SY(1).

Author information: 
(1)Department of Biomedical Science and Research Institute of Bioscience and
Biotechnology, Hallym University, Chuncheon, Gangwon 24252, Republic of South
Korea.
(2)Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Research Institute of Oral
Sciences, College of Dentistry, Gangneung?Wonju National University, Gangneung,
Gangwon 25457, Republic of South Korea.
(3)Department of Anatomy, College of Medicine, Soonchunhyang University,
Cheonan?Si, South Chungcheong 31538, Republic of South Korea.
(4)Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, University of Ulsan College 
of Medicine, Seoul 05505, Republic of South Korea.
(5)Department of Neurosurgery, Hallym University Medical Center, Chuncheon,
Gangwon 24253, Republic of South Korea.

Oxidative stress is known to be a primary risk factor for neuronal diseases.
Glutaredoxin (GLRX)?1, a redox?regulator of the thioredoxin superfamily, is known
to exhibit an important role in cell survival via various cellular functions.
However, the precise roles of GLRX1 in brain ischemia are still not fully
understood. The present study investigated whether transduced PEP?1?GLRX1 protein
has protective effects against oxidative stress in cells and in an animal model. 
Transduced PEP?1?GLRX1 protein increased HT?22 cell viability under oxidative
stress and this fusion protein significantly reduced intracellular reactive
oxygen species and levels of DNA damage. In addition, PEP?1?GLRX1 protein
regulated RAC?a serine/threonine?protein kinase and mitogen?activated protein
kinase signaling, in addition to apoptotic signaling including B cell lymphoma
(Bcl)?2, Bcl?2 associated X, apoptosis regulator, pro?caspase?9 and p53
expression levels. In an ischemic animal model, it was verified that PEP?1?GLRX1 
transduced into the Cornu Ammonis 1 region of the animal brain, where it markedly
protected against ischemic injury. These results indicate that PEP?1?GLRX1
attenuates neuronal cell death resulting from oxidative stress in?vitro and
in?vivo. Therefore, PEP?1?GLRX1 may exhibit a beneficial role in the treatment of
neuronal disorders, including ischemic injury.

DOI: 10.3892/mmr.2018.9176 
PMID: 29916538 


60. Int J Mol Med. 2018 Jun 15. doi: 10.3892/ijmm.2018.3731. [Epub ahead of print]

miR?6835?3p regulates the function of pancreatic islet cells by modulating the
expression of AdipoR1.

Wang H(1), Jiang L(2), Li Z(2), Wang W(2), Hao C(2).

Author information: 
(1)Department of Critical Care Medicine, The Affiliated Hospital of Qingdao
University, Qingdao, Shandong 266000, P.R. China.
(2)Department of Cardiac Surgery, The Affiliated Hospital of Qingdao University, 
Qingdao, Shandong 266000, P.R. China.

Effective drugs and strategies for treating type 2 diabetes mellitus (2?DM) are
urgently required. The aim of the present study was to elucidate the mechanism
underlying microRNA (miR)?6835?3p regulation of adiponectin receptor 1 (AdipoR1) 
expression and the miR?6835?3p/AdipoR1 signaling pathway in pancreatic islet
cells. In addition, the potential anti?diabetes effect of miR?6835?3p on insulin 
secretion was investigated. Luciferase activity analysis was performed to
evaluate how miR?6835?3p targets the 3'?untranslated region of AdipoR1. The
SU.86.86 and MIN?6 cell lines were co?cultured with or without miR?6835?3p
inhibitors or mimics, and the insulin secretory functions of these cell lines
were then determined. Luciferase reporter analysis revealed that AdipoR1 was a
direct target of miR?6835?3p. In addition, miR?6835?3p overexpression suppressed 
the mRNA and protein expression levels of AdipoR1 in the SU.86.86 and MIN?6 cell 
lines. Furthermore, miR?6835?3p exerted negative effects on insulin secretion in 
SU.86.86 and MIN?6 cells, which were mediated by regulating AdipoR1 expression.
AdipoR1 was a direct target of miR?6835?3p; therefore, inhibition of AdiopR1
expression may reduce insulin secretion and may be considered a key regulator of 
insulin secretion. The results of the present study suggested that targeting
AdipoR1 with miR?6835?3p inhibitors may be a potential strategy for promoting
glucose?stimulated insulin secretion, and thereby, may be an effective treatment 
for type 2?DM.

DOI: 10.3892/ijmm.2018.3731 
PMID: 29916530 


61. Isr J Psychiatry Relat Sci. 2018;55(1):35-43.

"Eating Me Up from Inside": A Pilot Study of Mentalization of Self and Others and
Emotion Regulation Strategies among Young Women with Eating Disorders.

Rothschild-Yakar L(1), Peled M(1), Enoch-Levy A(2), Gur E(2), Stein D(3).

Author information: 
(1)Department of Psychology, University of Haifa, Haifa, Israel.
(2)Safra Children's Hospital, Sheba Medical Center, Tel Hashomer, Israel.
(3)Safra Children's Hospital, Sheba Medical Center, Tel Hashomer, Israel Sackler 
Faculty of Medicine, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv, Israel.

BACKGROUND: We examined the relationship between general ability of
mentalization, the specific aspect of affective mentalizing of self and others,
emotion regulation strategies, and eating disorder (ED) symptoms.
METHOD: Twenty-five female adolescent and young adult inpatients with EDs, and 22
healthy subjects, were administered a semi-structured interview - the Reflective 
Function (RF) scale, self-rating scales assessing alexithymia, emotion
regulation, depression and ED symptomatology, and a neurocognitive measure
assessing Theory of Mind.
RESULTS: Participants with EDs presented lower levels of RF regarding the self
and higher levels of alexithymia, using more emotional suppression and less
cognitive reappraisal than controls. Elevated levels of general RF and self RF
and attenuated alexithymia, along with elevated cognitive reappraisal and
attenuated emotional suppression, were correlated with attenuated ED symptoms.
Comorbidity with depressive symptoms predicted greater ED symptomatology.
CONCLUSIONS: High mentalization may serve as a coping mechanism to attenuate ED
symptoms.


PMID: 29916405 


62. Lancet. 2018 Jun 16;391(10138):2463-2474. doi: 10.1016/S0140-6736(18)31132-2.

Genomic insights into the causes of type 2 diabetes.

Langenberg C(1), Lotta LA(2).

Author information: 
(1)MRC Epidemiology Unit, University of Cambridge, Cambridge, UK. Electronic
address: claudia.langenberg@mrc-epid.cam.ac.uk.
(2)MRC Epidemiology Unit, University of Cambridge, Cambridge, UK.

Genome-wide association studies have implicated around 250 genomic regions in
predisposition to type 2 diabetes, with evidence for causal variants and genes
emerging for several of these regions. Understanding of the underlying
mechanisms, including the interplay between £]-cell failure, insulin sensitivity, 
appetite regulation, and adipose storage has been facilitated by the integration 
of multidimensional data for diabetes-related intermediate phenotypes, detailed
genomic annotations, functional experiments, and now multiomic molecular
features. Studies in diverse ethnic groups and examples from population isolates 
have shown the value and need for a broad genomic approach to this global
disease. Transethnic discovery efforts and large-scale biobanks in diverse
populations and ancestries could help to address some of the Eurocentric bias.
Despite rapid progress in the discovery of the highly polygenic architecture of
type 2 diabetes, dominated by common alleles with small, cumulative effects on
disease risk, these insights have been of little clinical use in terms of disease
prediction or prevention, and have made only small contributions to subtype
classification or stratified approaches to treatment. Successful development of
academia-industry partnerships for exome or genome sequencing in large biobanks
could help to deliver economies of scale, with implications for the future of
genomics-focused research.

Copyright c 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.

DOI: 10.1016/S0140-6736(18)31132-2 
PMID: 29916387 


63. Microbiol Spectr. 2018 May;6(3). doi: 10.1128/microbiolspec.RWR-0019-2018.

6S RNA, a Global Regulator of Transcription.

Wassarman KM(1).

Author information: 
(1)Department of Bacteriology, University of Wisconsin-Madison, Madison, WI
53562.

6S RNA is a small RNA regulator of RNA polymerase (RNAP) that is present broadly 
throughout the bacterial kingdom. Initial functional studies in Escherichia coli 
revealed that 6S RNA forms a complex with RNAP resulting in regulation of
transcription, and cells lacking 6S RNA have altered survival phenotypes. The
last decade has focused on deepening the understanding of several aspects of 6S
RNA activity, including (i) addressing questions of how broadly conserved 6S RNAs
are in diverse organisms through continued identification and initial
characterization of divergent 6S RNAs; (ii) the nature of the 6S RNA-RNAP
interaction through examination of variant proteins and mutant RNAs,
cross-linking approaches, and ultimately a cryo-electron microscopic structure;
(iii) the physiological consequences of 6S RNA function through identification of
the 6S RNA regulon and promoter features that determine 6S RNA sensitivity; and
(iv) the mechanism and cellular impact of 6S RNA-directed synthesis of product
RNAs (i.e., pRNA synthesis). Much has been learned about this unusual RNA, its
mechanism of action, and how it is regulated; yet much still remains to be
investigated, especially regarding potential differences in behavior of 6S RNAs
in diverse bacteria.

DOI: 10.1128/microbiolspec.RWR-0019-2018 
PMID: 29916345 


64. Technol Cancer Res Treat. 2018 Jan 1;17:1533033818780063. doi:
10.1177/1533033818780063.

The mTOR Pathway Regulates PKM2 to Affect Glycolysis in Esophageal Squamous Cell 
Carcinoma.

Xiaoyu H(1), Yiru Y(2), Shuisheng S(3), Keyan C(4), Zixing Y(1), Shanglin C(1),
Yuan W(3), Dongming C(1), Wangliang Z(5), Xudong B(6), Jie M(1).

Author information: 
(1)1 Cardiothoracic Surgery, The Second Hospital of Shanxi Medical University,
Taiyuan, China.
(2)2 Translational Medicine Research Center, Key Laboratory of Cellular
Physiology, Ministry of Education, Shanxi Medical University, Taiyuan, China.
(3)3 Endoscopy Center, The Second Hospital of Shanxi Medical University, Taiyuan,
China.
(4)4 Gynecology and Obstetrics, The Second Hospital of Shanxi Medical University,
Taiyuan, China.
(5)5 Department of Pathology, The Second Hospital of Shanxi Medical University,
Taiyuan, China.
(6)6 Cardiothoracic Surgery, Shanxi Academy of Medical Sciences, Shanxi Dayi
Hospital, China.

OBJECTIVES: Esophageal squamous cell carcinoma is a highly prevalent cancer
withpoor survival rate and prognosis. Increasing evidence suggests an important
role for metabolic regulation in treating esophageal squamous cell carcinoma, but
the underlying mechanism remains unclear. The pyruvate kinase M2 isoform is a key
enzyme in the energy production process, and the upregulation of pyruvate kinase 
M2 isoform also plays a crucial role in gene transcription and tumorigenesis. The
mammalian target of rapamycin pathway regulates an array of cellular functions,
including protein synthesis, metabolism, and cell proliferation. The pyruvate
kinase M2 isoform and mammalian target of rapamycin pathways both affect
metabolism in cancers, and evidence also suggests that the mammalian target of
rapamycin downstream transcription factor hypoxia-inducible factor-1£\ regulates
pyruvate kinase M2 isoform. We therefore investigated the regulatory mechanism
among pyruvate kinase M2 isoform, mammalian target of rapamycin, and aerobic
glycolysis in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma, hoping to prove that mammalian 
target of rapamycin pathway regulates pyruvate kinase M2 isoform to affect
glycolysis in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma.
METHODS: Immunohistochemical staining was used to compare pyruvate kinase M2
isoform and phospho-mammalian target of rapamycin expression in 30 human
pathological esophageal squamous cell carcinoma sections and 30 nontumoral
esophageal tissues. Short hairpin RNA was used to inhibit pyruvate kinase M2
isoform and activate mammalian target of rapamycin, after which we monitored
changes in glucose consumption and lactate production. Finally, we determined the
expression of pyruvate kinase M2 isoform and the mammalian target of rapamycin
downstream transcription factor hypoxia-inducible factor-1£\, as well as glucose
consumption and lactate production, following the modification of mammalian
target of rapamycin expression.
RESULTS: Immunohistochemical staining showed that both phospho-mammalian target
of rapamycin and pyruvate kinase M2 isoform expression were higher in esophageal 
squamous cell carcinoma than in nontumor tissues. Glucose consumption and lactate
production measurements demonstrated that altering mammalian target of rapamycin 
and pyruvate kinase M2 isoform levels caused corresponding changes in glycolysis 
in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma cells. When mammalian target of rapamycin
was activated or inhibited, expression of pyruvate kinase M2 isoform and
hypoxia-inducible factor-1£\ as well as glycolysis were altered, indicating that
mammalian target of rapamycin regulates pyruvate kinase M2 isoform via the
downstream transcription factor hypoxia-inducible factor-1£\, thereby affecting
glycolysis in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma.
CONCLUSION: Mammalian target of rapamycin pathway promotes aerobic glycolysis in 
esophageal squamous cell carcinoma by upregulating pyruvate kinase M2 isoform.
Both proteins can serve as molecular targets for novel therapeutic strategies.

DOI: 10.1177/1533033818780063 
PMID: 29916308 


65. New Phytol. 2018 Jun 19. doi: 10.1111/nph.15266. [Epub ahead of print]

Calcium transport across plant membranes: mechanisms and functions.

Demidchik V(1)(2)(3), Shabala S(1)(4), Isayenkov S(5), Cuin TA(4), Pottosin I(6).

Author information: 
(1)Department of Horticulture, Foshan University, Foshan, 528000, China.
(2)Department of Plant Cell Biology and Bioengineering, Biological Faculty,
Belarusian State University, 4 Independence Avenue, Minsk, 220030, Belarus.
(3)Komarov Botanical Institute, Russian Academy of Sciences, 2 Professora Popova 
Street, St Petersburg, 197376, Russia.
(4)Tasmanian Institute of Agriculture, University of Tasmania, Private Bag 54,
Hobart, Tas, 7001, Australia.
(5)Institute of Food Biotechnology and Genomics, National Academy of Science of
Ukraine, 2a Osipovskogo Street, Kyiv, 04123, Ukraine.
(6)Centro Universitario de Investigaciones Biomedicas, Universidad de Colima,
Avenida 25 de julio 965, Colima, 28045, Mexico.

Contents I. II. III. IV. References SUMMARY: Calcium is an essential structural, 
metabolic and signalling element. The physiological functions of Ca2+ are enabled
by its orchestrated transport across cell membranes, mediated by Ca2+ -permeable 
ion channels, Ca2+ -ATPases and Ca2+ /H+ exchangers. Bioinformatics analysis has 
not determined any Ca2+ -selective filters in plant ion channels, but
electrophysiological tests do reveal Ca2+ conductances in plant membranes. The
biophysical characteristics of plant Ca2+ conductances have been studied in
detail and were recently complemented by molecular genetic approaches. Plant Ca2+
conductances are mediated by several families of ion channels, including cyclic
nucleotide-gated channels (CNGCs), ionotropic glutamate receptors, two-pore
channel 1 (TPC1), annexins and several types of mechanosensitive channels. Key
Ca2+ -mediated reactions (e.g. sensing of temperature, gravity, touch and
hormones, and cell elongation and guard cell closure) have now been associated
with the activities of specific subunits from these families. Structural studies 
have demonstrated a unique selectivity filter in TPC1, which is passable for
hydrated divalent cations. The hypothesis of a ROS-Ca2+ hub is discussed, linking
Ca2+ transport to ROS generation. CNGC inactivation by cytosolic Ca2+ , leading
to the termination of Ca2+ signals, is now mechanistically explained. The
structure-function relationships of Ca2+ -ATPases and Ca2+ /H+ exchangers, and
their regulation and physiological roles are analysed.

c 2018 The Authors. New Phytologist c 2018 New Phytologist Trust.

DOI: 10.1111/nph.15266 
PMID: 29916203 


66. Metab Brain Dis. 2018 Jun 18. doi: 10.1007/s11011-018-0266-7. [Epub ahead of
print]

Antibiotics protect against EAE by increasing regulatory and anti-inflammatory
cells.

Seifert HA(1)(2), Benedek G(1)(2)(3), Nguyen H(1)(2), Gerstner G(1)(2), Zhang
Y(1)(2), Kent G(1)(2), Vandenbark AA(1)(2)(4), Bernhagen J(5)(6), Offner
H(7)(8)(9).

Author information: 
(1)Department of Neurology, Oregon Health & Science University, Portland, OR,
USA.
(2)Neuroimmunology Research, Veterans Affairs Portland Health Care System,
R&D-31, 3710 SW US Veterans Hospital Rd, Portland, OR, 97239, USA.
(3)Tissue Typing and Immunogenetics Laboratory, Hadassah Medical Center,
Jerusalem, Israel.
(4)Department of Molecular Microbiology & Immunology, Oregon Health & Science
University, Portland, OR, USA.
(5)Vascular Biology, Institute for Stroke and Dementia Research, Klinikum der
Universitat Munchen, Ludwig-Maximilians-University Munich, Munich, Germany.
(6)Munich Cluster for Systems Neurology (EXC 1010 SyNergy), Munich, Germany.
(7)Department of Neurology, Oregon Health & Science University, Portland, OR,
USA. offnerva@ohsu.edu.
(8)Neuroimmunology Research, Veterans Affairs Portland Health Care System,
R&D-31, 3710 SW US Veterans Hospital Rd, Portland, OR, 97239, USA.
offnerva@ohsu.edu.
(9)Department of Anesthesiology & Perioperative Medicine, Oregon Health & Science
University, Portland, OR, USA. offnerva@ohsu.edu.

A seven day pretreatment course of an oral antibiotic cocktail (Ampicillin,
Metronidazole, Neomycin Sulfate, and Vancomycin) was shown to induce changes in
peripheral immune regulation and protect mice from signs of experimental
autoimmune encephalomyelitis (EAE). To determine if a shorter course of
antibiotic pretreatment could also protect the mice from EAE and induce
regulatory immune cells, studies were conducted using the same oral antibiotic
cocktail for three days. In addition, the CNS was examined to determine the
effects of antibiotic pretreatment on EAE disease course and immune modulation
within the affected tissue. The shorter three day pretreatment course was also
significantly protective against severe EAE in C57BL/6 mice. Moreover, our study 
found increased frequencies of regulatory cells and a decrease in the frequency
of anti-inflammatory macrophages in the spleen of EAE protected mice.
Additionally, a chemokine and chemokine receptor array run on mRNA from spinal
cords revealed that genes associated with regulatory T cells and macrophage
recruitment were strongly upregulated in the antibiotic pretreated mice.
Additional RT-PCR data showed genes associated with anti-inflammatory
microglia/macrophages were upregulated and pro-inflammatory genes were
downregulated. This suggests the macrophages recruited to the spinal cord by
chemokines are subsequently polarized toward an anti-inflammatory phenotype.
These results lend strong support to the conclusion that a three day course of
antibiotic treatment given prior to the induction of severe EAE profoundly
protected the mice by inducing regulatory lymphocytes in the periphery and an
anti-inflammatory milieu in the affected spinal cord tissue.

DOI: 10.1007/s11011-018-0266-7 
PMID: 29916184 


67. Mol Cell Biochem. 2018 Jun 18. doi: 10.1007/s11010-018-3368-y. [Epub ahead of
print]

Silibinin-induced autophagy mediated by PPAR£\-sirt1-AMPK pathway participated in 
the regulation of type I collagen-enhanced migration in murine 3T3-L1
preadipocytes.

Liu X(1), Xu Q(1), Long X(1), Liu W(1), Zhao Y(1), Hayashi T(1), Hattori S(2),
Fujisaki H(2), Ogura T(2), Tashiro SI(3), Onodera S(4), Yamato M(5), Ikejima
T(6).

Author information: 
(1)China-Japan Research Institute of Medical and Pharmaceutical Sciences,
Shenyang Pharmaceutical University, 103 Wenhua Road, Shenyang, 110016, Liaoning, 
China.
(2)Nippi Research Institute of Biomatrix, Nippi, Incorporated, Toride, Japan.
(3)Department of Medical Education and Primary Care, Kyoto Prefectural University
of Medicine, Kyoto, Japan.
(4)Department of Clinical and Pharmaceutical Sciences, Showa Pharmaceutical
University, Tokyo, Japan.
(5)Institute of Advanced Biomedical Engineering and Science, Tokyo Women's
Medical University, Tokyo, 162-8666, Japan.
(6)China-Japan Research Institute of Medical and Pharmaceutical Sciences,
Shenyang Pharmaceutical University, 103 Wenhua Road, Shenyang, 110016, Liaoning, 
China. ikejimat@vip.sina.com.

Preadipocyte migration is a fundamental and important process for the development
of tissue organization, especially in the development of primitive adipose tissue
and adipocyte tissue wound healing. However, excessive migration may result in
abnormal development and fibrosis-related diseases such as hypertrophic scar. We 
previously reported that type I collagen (collagen I) enhanced migration of
3T3-L1 preadipocytes via phosphorylation and/or acetylation of NF-£eB p65, and the
enhanced cell migration is repressed by silibinin treatment through sirt1. It is 
known that sirt1 has an ability to deacetylate acetylated NF-£eB p65, but little
is known about the effect of sirt1 on phosphorylated NF-£eB p65. This study aims
to examine the potential effect of sirt1 on the regulation of phosphorylated
NF-£eB p65 and the underlying mechanism. Autophagy is involved in many
physiological and pathological processes, including regulation of cell migration 
as well as in cellular homeostasis. The present study demonstrates that silibinin
induces autophagy in a dose-dependent manner in 3T3-L1 cells. Autophagy is under 
the regulation of sirt1/AMPK pathway, and inhibits collagen I-enhanced migration 
of 3T3-L1 cells through negative regulation of NF-£eB p65 phosphorylation but not 
acetylation. The expression of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor £\
(PPAR£\) is up-regulated with silibinin accompanying up-regulation of autophagy
through activating sirt1 in 3T3-L1 cells. Taken together, these findings indicate
that silibinin-induced autophagy is mediated by up-regulation of
PPAR£\-sirt1-AMPK, contributing to repression of type I collagen-enhanced
migration in murine 3T3-L1 preadipocytes through down-regulation of
phosphorylated NF-£eB p65.

DOI: 10.1007/s11010-018-3368-y 
PMID: 29916120 


68. Parasitol Res. 2018 Jun 19. doi: 10.1007/s00436-018-5966-8. [Epub ahead of print]

Transcriptomic analysis reveals Toxoplasma gondii strain-specific differences in 
host cell response to dense granule protein GRA15.

Liu Q(1)(2), Gao WW(2), Elsheikha HM(3), He JJ(4), Li FC(1), Yang WB(1), Zhu
XQ(1).

Author information: 
(1)State Key Laboratory of Veterinary Etiological Biology, Key Laboratory of
Veterinary Parasitology of Gansu Province, Lanzhou Veterinary Research Institute,
Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences, Lanzhou, Gansu Province, 730046,
People's Republic of China.
(2)College of Animal Science and Veterinary Medicine, Shanxi Agricultural
University, Taigu, Shanxi Province, 030801, People's Republic of China.
(3)Faculty of Medicine and Health Sciences, School of Veterinary Medicine and
Science, University of Nottingham, Sutton Bonington Campus, Loughborough, LE12
5RD, UK.
(4)State Key Laboratory of Veterinary Etiological Biology, Key Laboratory of
Veterinary Parasitology of Gansu Province, Lanzhou Veterinary Research Institute,
Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences, Lanzhou, Gansu Province, 730046,
People's Republic of China. hejunjun617@163.com.

Growth and replication of the protozoan parasite Toxoplasma gondii within host
cell entail the production of several effector proteins, which the parasite
exploits for counteracting the host's immune response. Despite considerable
research to define the host signaling pathways manipulated by T. gondii and their
effectors, there has been limited progress into understanding how individual
members of the dense granule proteins (GRAs) modulate gene expression within host
cells. The aim of this study was to evaluate whether T. gondii GRA15 protein
plays any role in regulating host gene expression. Baby hamster kidney cells
(BHK-21) were transfected with plasmids encoding GRA15 genes of either type I GT1
strain (GRA15I) or type II PRU strain (GRA15II). Gene expression patterns of
transfected and nontransfected BHK-21 cells were investigated using
RNA-sequencing analysis. GRA15I and GRA15II induced both known and novel
transcriptional changes in the transfected BHK-21 cells compared with
nontransfected cells. Pathway analysis revealed that GRA15II was mainly involved 
in the regulation of tumor necrosis factor (TNF), NF-£eB, HTLV-I infection, and
NOD-like receptor signaling pathways. GRA15I preferentially influenced the
synthesis of unsaturated fatty acids in host cells. Our findings support the
hypothesis that certain functions of GRA15 protein are strain dependent and that 
GRA15 modulates the expression of signaling pathways and genes with important
roles in T. gondii pathophysiology. A greater understanding of host signaling
pathways influenced by T. gondii effectors would allow the development of more
efficient anti-T. gondii therapeutic schemes, capitalizing on disrupting parasite
virulence factors to advance the treatment of toxoplasmosis.

DOI: 10.1007/s00436-018-5966-8 
PMID: 29916065 


69. Photosynth Res. 2018 Jun 18. doi: 10.1007/s11120-018-0533-9. [Epub ahead of
print]

Significance of PGR5-dependent cyclic electron flow for optimizing the rate of
ATP synthesis and consumption in Arabidopsis chloroplasts.

Sato R(1)(2), Kawashima R(1), Trinh MDL(1), Nakano M(3), Nagai T(3), Masuda S(4).

Author information: 
(1)School of Life Science and Technology, Tokyo Institute of Technology,
Yokohama, 226-8501, Japan.
(2)Division of Environmental Photobiology, National Institute for Basic Biology, 
Okazaki, 444-8585, Japan.
(3)The Institute of Scientific and Industrial Research, Osaka University, Osaka, 
567-0047, Japan.
(4)Center for Biological Resources & Informatics, Tokyo Institute of Technology, 
Yokohama, 226-8501, Japan. shmasuda@bio.titech.ac.jp.

The proton motive force (PMF) across the chloroplast thylakoid membrane that is
generated by electron transport during photosynthesis is the driving force for
ATP synthesis in plants. The PMF mainly arises from the oxidation of water in
photosystem II and from electron transfer within the cytochrome b6f complex.
There are two electron transfer pathways related to PMF formation: linear
electron flow and cyclic electron flow. Proton gradient regulation 5 (PGR5) is a 
major component of the cyclic electron flow pathway, and the Arabidopsis pgr5
mutant shows a substantial reduction in the PMF. How the PGR5-dependent cyclic
electron flow contributes to ATP synthesis has not, however, been fully
delineated. In this study, we monitored in vivo ATP levels in Arabidopsis
chloroplasts in real time using a genetically encoded bioluminescence-based ATP
indicator, Nano-lantern(ATP1). The increase in ATP in the chloroplast stroma of
pgr5 leaves upon illumination with actinic light was significantly slower than in
wild type, and the decrease in ATP levels when this illumination stopped was
significantly faster in pgr5 leaves than in wild type. These results indicated
that PGR5-dependent cyclic electron flow around photosystem I helps to sustain
the rate of ATP synthesis, which is important for growth under fluctuating light 
conditions.

DOI: 10.1007/s11120-018-0533-9 
PMID: 29916043 


70. Histochem Cell Biol. 2018 Jun 18. doi: 10.1007/s00418-018-1689-2. [Epub ahead of 
print]

COPII-dependent ER export in animal cells: adaptation and control for diverse
cargo.

McCaughey J(1), Stephens DJ(2).

Author information: 
(1)Cell Biology Laboratories, School of Biochemistry, University Walk, University
of Bristol, Bristol, BS8 1TD, UK.
(2)Cell Biology Laboratories, School of Biochemistry, University Walk, University
of Bristol, Bristol, BS8 1TD, UK. david.stephens@bristol.ac.uk.

The export of newly synthesized proteins from the endoplasmic reticulum is
fundamental to the ongoing maintenance of cell and tissue structure and function.
After co-translational translocation into the ER, proteins destined for
downstream intracellular compartments or secretion from the cell are sorted and
packaged into transport vesicles by the COPII coat protein complex. The
fundamental discovery and characterization of the pathway has now been augmented 
by a greater understanding of the role of COPII in diverse aspects of cell
function. We now have a deep understanding of how COPII contributes to the
trafficking of diverse cargoes including extracellular matrix molecules,
developmental signalling proteins, and key metabolic factors such as
lipoproteins. Structural and functional studies have shown that the COPII coat is
both highly flexible and subject to multiple modes of regulation. This has led to
new discoveries defining roles of COPII in development, autophagy, and tissue
organization. Many of these newly emerging features of the canonical COPII
pathway are placed in a context of procollagen secretion because of the
fundamental interest in how a coat complex that typically generates 80-nm
transport vesicles can package a cargo reported to be over 300?nm. Here we review
the current understanding of COPII and assess the current consensus on its role
in packaging diverse cargo proteins.

DOI: 10.1007/s00418-018-1689-2 
PMID: 29916038 


71. Adv Neurobiol. 2018;20:283-301. doi: 10.1007/978-3-319-89689-2_11.

Lost in Translation: Evidence for Protein Synthesis Deficits in ALS/FTD and
Related Neurodegenerative Diseases.

Lehmkuhl EM(1), Zarnescu DC(2)(3)(4).

Author information: 
(1)Department of Molecular and Cellular Biology, University of Arizona, Tucson,
AZ, USA.
(2)Department of Molecular and Cellular Biology, University of Arizona, Tucson,
AZ, USA. zarnescu@email.arizona.edu.
(3)Department of Neuroscience, University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ, USA.
zarnescu@email.arizona.edu.
(4)Department of Neurology, University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ, USA.
zarnescu@email.arizona.edu.

Cells utilize a complex network of proteins to regulate translation, involving
post-transcriptional processing of RNA and assembly of the ribosomal unit.
Although the complexity provides robust regulation of proteostasis, it also
offers several opportunities for translational dysregulation, as has been
observed in many neurodegenerative disorders. Defective mRNA localization, mRNA
sequatration, inhibited ribogenesis, mutant tRNA synthetases, and translation of 
hexanucleotide expansions have all been associated with neurodegenerative
disease. Here, we review dysregulation of translation in the context of
age-related neurodegeneration and discuss novel methods to interrogate
translation. This review primarily focuses on amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS)
and frontotemporal dementia (FTD), a spectrum disorder heavily associated with
RNA metabolism, while also analyzing translational inhibition in the context of
related neurodegenerative disorders such as Alzheimer's disease and Huntington's 
disease and the translation-related pathomechanisms common in neurodegenerative
disease.

DOI: 10.1007/978-3-319-89689-2_11 
PMID: 29916024 


72. Adv Neurobiol. 2018;20:265-281. doi: 10.1007/978-3-319-89689-2_10.

Senataxin, A Novel Helicase at the Interface of RNA Transcriptome Regulation and 
Neurobiology: From Normal Function to Pathological Roles in Motor Neuron Disease 
and Cerebellar Degeneration.

Bennett CL(1)(2)(3), La Spada AR(4)(5)(6)(7).

Author information: 
(1)Department of Neurology, Duke University School of Medicine, Durham, NC, USA.
(2)Department of Neurobiology, Duke University School of Medicine, Durham, NC,
USA.
(3)Department of Cell Biology, Duke University School of Medicine, Durham, NC,
USA.
(4)Department of Neurology, Duke University School of Medicine, Durham, NC, USA. 
al.laspada@duke.edu.
(5)Department of Neurobiology, Duke University School of Medicine, Durham, NC,
USA. al.laspada@duke.edu.
(6)Department of Cell Biology, Duke University School of Medicine, Durham, NC,
USA. al.laspada@duke.edu.
(7)Duke Center for Neurodegeneration & Neurotherapeutics, Duke University School 
of Medicine, Durham, NC, USA. al.laspada@duke.edu.

Senataxin (SETX) is a DNA-RNA helicase whose C-terminal region shows homology to 
the helicase domain of the yeast protein Sen1p. Genetic discoveries have
established the importance of SETX for neural function, as recessive mutations in
the SETX gene cause Ataxia with Oculomotor Apraxia type 2 (AOA2) (OMIM: 606002), 
which is the third most common form of recessive ataxia, after Friedreich's
ataxia and Ataxia-Telangiectasia. In addition, rare, dominant SETX mutations
cause a juvenile-onset form of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS), known as
ALS4. SETX performs a number of RNA regulatory functions, including maintaining
RNA transcriptome homeostasis. Over the last decade, altered RNA regulation and
aberrant RNA-binding protein function have emerged as a central theme in motor
neuron disease pathogenesis, with evidence suggesting that sporadic ALS disease
pathology may overlap with the molecular pathology uncovered in familial ALS.
Like other RNA processing proteins linked to ALS, the basis for SETX
gain-of-function motor neuron toxicity remains ill-defined. Studies of yeast
Sen1p and mammalian SETX protein have revealed a range of important RNA
regulatory functions, including resolution of R-loops to permit transcription
termination, and RNA splicing. Growing evidence suggests that SETX may represent 
an important genetic modifier locus for sporadic ALS. In cycling cells, SETX is
found at nuclear foci during the S/G2 cell-cycle transition phase, and may
function at sites of collision between components of the replisome and
transcription machinery. While we do not yet know which SETX activities are most 
critical to neurodegeneration, our evolving understanding of SETX function will
undoubtedly be crucial for not only understanding the role of SETX in ALS and
ataxia disease pathogenesis, but also for delineating the mechanistic biology of 
fundamentally important molecular processes in the cell.

DOI: 10.1007/978-3-319-89689-2_10 
PMID: 29916023 


73. Adv Neurobiol. 2018;20:213-238. doi: 10.1007/978-3-319-89689-2_8.

Deregulation of RNA Metabolism in Microsatellite Expansion Diseases.

Misra C(1), Lin F(1), Kalsotra A(2)(3).

Author information: 
(1)Department of Biochemistry, University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign, IL, USA.
(2)Department of Biochemistry, University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign, IL, USA.
kalsotra@illinois.edu.
(3)Carl R. Woese Institute of Genomic Biology, University of Illinois,
Urbana-Champaign, IL, USA. kalsotra@illinois.edu.

RNA metabolism impacts different steps of mRNA life cycle including splicing,
polyadenylation, nucleo-cytoplasmic export, translation, and decay. Growing
evidence indicates that defects in any of these steps lead to devastating
diseases in humans. This chapter reviews the various RNA metabolic mechanisms
that are disrupted in Myotonic Dystrophy-a trinucleotide repeat expansion
disease-due to dysregulation of RNA-Binding Proteins. We also compare Myotonic
Dystrophy to other microsatellite expansion disorders and describe how some of
these mechanisms commonly exert direct versus indirect effects toward disease
pathologies.

DOI: 10.1007/978-3-319-89689-2_8 
PMID: 29916021 


74. Adv Neurobiol. 2018;20:103-142. doi: 10.1007/978-3-319-89689-2_5.

RNA Degradation in Neurodegenerative Disease.

Weskamp K(1), Barmada SJ(2).

Author information: 
(1)Neuroscience Graduate Program and Department of Neurology, University of
Michigan School of Medicine, Ann Arbor, MI, USA.
(2)Neuroscience Graduate Program and Department of Neurology, University of
Michigan School of Medicine, Ann Arbor, MI, USA. sbarmada@umich.edu.

Ribonucleic acid (RNA) homeostasis is dynamically modulated in response to
changing physiological conditions. Tight regulation of RNA abundance through both
transcription and degradation determines the amount, timing, and location of
protein translation. This balance is of particular importance in neurons, which
are among the most metabolically active and morphologically complex cells in the 
body. As a result, any disruptions in RNA degradation can have dramatic
consequences for neuronal health. In this chapter, we will first discuss
mechanisms of RNA stabilization and decay. We will then explore how the
disruption of these pathways can lead to neurodegenerative disease.

DOI: 10.1007/978-3-319-89689-2_5 
PMID: 29916018 


75. Adv Neurobiol. 2018;20:31-61. doi: 10.1007/978-3-319-89689-2_2.

Mechanism of Splicing Regulation of Spinal Muscular Atrophy Genes.

Singh RN(1), Singh NN(2).

Author information: 
(1)Department of Biomedical Sciences, Iowa State University, Ames, IA, USA.
singhr@iastate.edu.
(2)Department of Biomedical Sciences, Iowa State University, Ames, IA, USA.

Spinal muscular atrophy (SMA) is one of the major genetic disorders associated
with infant mortality. More than 90% cases of SMA result from deletions or
mutations of Survival Motor Neuron 1 (SMN1) gene. SMN2, a nearly identical copy
of SMN1, does not compensate for the loss of SMN1 due to predominant skipping of 
exon 7. However, correction of SMN2 exon 7 splicing has proven to confer
therapeutic benefits in SMA patients. The only approved drug for SMA is an
antisense oligonucleotide (Spinraza?/Nusinersen), which corrects SMN2 exon 7
splicing by blocking intronic splicing silencer N1 (ISS-N1) located immediately
downstream of exon 7. ISS-N1 is a complex regulatory element encompassing
overlapping negative motifs and sequestering a cryptic splice site. More than 40 
protein factors have been implicated in the regulation of SMN exon 7 splicing.
There is evidence to support that multiple exons of SMN are alternatively spliced
during oxidative stress, which is associated with a growing number of
pathological conditions. Here, we provide the most up to date account of the
mechanism of splicing regulation of the SMN genes.

DOI: 10.1007/978-3-319-89689-2_2 
PMID: 29916015 


76. Adv Neurobiol. 2018;20:1-29. doi: 10.1007/978-3-319-89689-2_1.

An Epigenetic Spin to ALS and FTD.

Ebbert MTW(1), Lank RJ(2), Belzil VV(3)(4).

Author information: 
(1)Department of Neuroscience, Mayo Clinic, Jacksonville, FL, USA.
(2)Department of Neurology, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI, USA.
(3)Department of Neuroscience, Mayo Clinic, Jacksonville, FL, USA.
Belzil.Veronique@mayo.edu.
(4)Department of Neurology and Neurosurgery, McGill University, Montreal, QC,
Canada. Belzil.Veronique@mayo.edu.

Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) and frontotemporal dementia (FTD) are two
devastating and lethal neurodegenerative diseases seen comorbidly in up to 15% of
patients. Despite several decades of research, no effective treatment or
disease-modifying strategies have been developed. We now understand more than
before about the genetics and biology behind ALS and FTD, but the genetic
etiology for the majority of patients is still unknown and the phenotypic
variability observed across patients, even those carrying the same mutation, is
enigmatic. Additionally, susceptibility factors leading to neuronal vulnerability
in specific central nervous system regions involved in disease are yet to be
identified. As the inherited but dynamic epigenome acts as a cell-specific
interface between the inherited fixed genome and both cell-intrinsic mechanisms
and environmental input, adaptive epigenetic changes might contribute to the
ALS/FTD aspects we still struggle to comprehend. This chapter summarizes our
current understanding of basic epigenetic mechanisms, how they relate to ALS and 
FTD, and their potential as therapeutic targets. A clear understanding of the
biological mechanisms driving these two currently incurable diseases is
urgent-well-needed therapeutic strategies need to be developed soon.
Disease-specific epigenetic changes have already been observed in patients and
these might be central to this endeavor.

DOI: 10.1007/978-3-319-89689-2_1 
PMID: 29916014 


77. Support Care Cancer. 2018 Jun 18. doi: 10.1007/s00520-018-4308-9. [Epub ahead of 
print]

The impact of an expressive writing intervention on quality of life among Chinese
breast cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy.

Lu Q(1)(2), Dong L(3), Wu IHC(4), You J(5), Huang J(6), Hu Y(7).

Author information: 
(1)Department of Health Disparities Research, The University of Texas MD Anderson
Cancer Center, Houston, USA. qlu@mdanderson.org.
(2)Department of Psychology, University of Houston, Houston, TX, USA.
qlu@mdanderson.org.
(3)School of Nursing, Shanghai University of Traditional Chinese Medicine,
Shanghai, China.
(4)Department of Health Disparities Research, The University of Texas MD Anderson
Cancer Center, Houston, USA.
(5)Wuhan University, Wuhan, China.
(6)Breast Cancer Unit, Fudan University Shanghai Cancer Center, Shanghai, China.
(7)School of Nursing, Fudan University, Shanghai, China. huyan@fudan.edu.cn.

BACKGROUND: Expressive writing interventions are shown to confer physical and
psychological benefits for Caucasian cancer survivors. This study evaluated the
health benefits of an expressive writing intervention among breast cancer
patients in mainland China.
METHODS: Stage I-III Chinese breast cancer survivors undergoing chemotherapy were
recruited in Shanghai, China. They (n?=?90) were randomly assigned to one of
three conditions: a positive thinking group (PTC) to write about the positive
aspects of their cancer experience; a self-regulation condition (SRC) to write
about their stress and coping efforts, deepest feelings, and positive aspects of 
their cancer experience; or a cancer-fact group (CFC) to write about facts
relevant to their cancer experience. All groups wrote for 30?min every week for
4?weeks. Quality of life (QOL) was assessed using the FACT-B at baseline and 1-
and 2-month follow-ups. Linear mixed effects models were used to test the
hypotheses that the SRC and PTC would improve QOL compared to the CFC.
RESULTS: QOL improved overtime in the whole sample. Contrary to hypotheses, the
CFC had increased QOL compared with the SRC from baseline to both the 1- and
2-month follow-ups (£GQOL?=?9.31, p?=?0.01, d?=?0.44; £GQOL?=?9.45, p?=?0.025,
d?=?0.49). The PTC did not differ from cancer-fact writing but had increased QOL 
compared with the SRC from baseline to both the 1- and 2-month follow-ups
(£GQOL?=?7.44, p?=?0.04, d?=?0.35; £GQOL?=?11.72, p?=?0.06, d?=?0.61).
CONCLUSION: Interventions through expressive writing about positive experience
and cancer facts are feasible and can benefit Chinese cancer patients undergoing 
chemotherapy.

DOI: 10.1007/s00520-018-4308-9 
PMID: 29915994 


78. J Mol Neurosci. 2018 Jun 18. doi: 10.1007/s12031-018-1097-z. [Epub ahead of
print]

Early-Ethanol Exposure Induced Region-Specific Changes in Metabolic Proteins in
the Rat Brain: A Proteomics Study.

Swart PC(1), Russell VA(2), Vlok NM(3), Dimatelis JJ(2).

Author information: 
(1)Department of Human Biology, Faculty of Health Sciences, University of Cape
Town, Observatory, Cape Town, 7925, South Africa. swrpat003@myuct.ac.za.
(2)Department of Human Biology, Faculty of Health Sciences, University of Cape
Town, Observatory, Cape Town, 7925, South Africa.
(3)Central Analytics Facility, Faculty of Medicine and Health Sciences,
Stellenbosch University, Bellville, 7505, South Africa.

In utero exposure to alcohol has been shown to cause a spectrum of cognitive and 
behavioral deficits. This study aimed to explore the long-term effects of
early-ethanol exposure on proteins in the brain. Male Sprague-Dawley rat pups
were exposed to 12% ethanol (4?g/kg/day i.p.) or volume-controlled saline during 
the third human trimester equivalent (P4-P9). At P31, prefrontal cortex (PFC) and
dorsal hippocampus (DH) proteins were analyzed by isobaric tags for relative and 
absolute quantitation (iTRAQ) and liquid chromatography mass spectrometry
(LC-MS). Early-ethanol exposure increased the capacity for metabolism of NADH and
oxidative phosphorylation, as shown by an upregulation of NADH dehydrogenase
(ubiquinone, 1 alpha subcomplex 9) while simultaneously decreasing the capacity
to protect against oxidative stress in the PFC. Early-ethanol exposure decreased 
the capacity for ATP synthesis (>?2-fold down regulation of ATP synthase) and
increased glycogen synthesis in the DH (>?2-fold decrease in glycogen synthase
kinase-3£]). The effects of early-ethanol exposure on glucose metabolism and ATP
production appeared to be region specific. In addition, early-ethanol exposure
decreased structural proteins in both the PFC and DH. A greater number of
proteins were altered in the DH than in the PFC, indicating that the DH may be
more susceptible to the effects of early-ethanol exposure. These proteomic
profiles provide valuable insight into the long-term molecular changes in the
brain induced by early-ethanol exposure.

DOI: 10.1007/s12031-018-1097-z 
PMID: 29915983 


79. Appl Microbiol Biotechnol. 2018 Jun 18. doi: 10.1007/s00253-018-9151-x. [Epub
ahead of print]

Improvement of butanol production by the development and co-culture of C.
acetobutylicum TSH1 and B. cereus TSH2.

Mi S(1), Gu C(1)(2), Wu P(1)(3), Liu H(1), Yan X(1), Li D(1), Tang X(1), Duan
X(1)(4), Wang G(5), Zhang J(6).

Author information: 
(1)Institute of Nuclear and New Energy Technology, Tsinghua University, Beijing, 
100084, China.
(2)College of Food Science and Nutritional Engineering, China Agricultural
University, Beijing, China.
(3)Life Science and Technology Institute, Yantze Normal University, Chongqing,
408100, China.
(4)Shanxi Provincial Guoxin Energy Development Group Co., LTD, Taiyuan City,
Shanxi, China.
(5)Institute of Nuclear and New Energy Technology, Tsinghua University, Beijing, 
100084, China. wgymap@126.com.
(6)Institute of Nuclear and New Energy Technology, Tsinghua University, Beijing, 
100084, China. zhangja@tsinghua.edu.cn.

Butanol fermentation comprises two successive and distinct stages, namely
acidogenesis and solventogenesis. The current lack of clarity regarding the
underlying metabolic regulation of fermentation impedes improvements in
biobutanol production. Here, a proteomics study was performed in the acidogenesis
phase, the lowest pH point (transition point), and the solventogenesis phase in
the butanol-producing symbiotic system TSH06. Forty-two Clostridium
acetobutylicum proteins demonstrated differential expression levels at different 
stages. The protein level of butanol dehydrogenase increased in the
solventogenesis phase, which was in accordance with the trend of butanol
concentration. Stress proteins were upregulated either at the transition point or
in the solventogenesis phase. The cell division-related protein Maf was
upregulated at the transition point. We disrupted the maf gene in C.
acetobutylicum TSH1, and Bacillus cereus TSH2 was added to form a new symbiotic
system. TSH06¡µmaf produced 13.9?¡Ó?1.0?g/L butanol, which was higher than that of 
TSH06 (12.3?¡Ó?0.9?g/L). Butanol was furtherly improved in fermentation at
variable temperature with neutral red addition for both TSH06 and TSH06¡µmaf. The 
butanol titer of the maf deletion strain was higher than that of the wild type,
although the exact mechanism remains to be determined.

DOI: 10.1007/s00253-018-9151-x 
PMID: 29915958 


80. Appl Biochem Biotechnol. 2018 Jun 19. doi: 10.1007/s12010-018-2809-0. [Epub ahead
of print]

Genome-Wide Identification and Analysis of Biotic and Abiotic Stress Regulation
of C4 Photosynthetic Pathway Genes in Rice.

Muthusamy SK(1)(2), Lenka SK(1)(3), Katiyar A(1)(4), Chinnusamy V(5), Singh
AK(6), Bansal KC(7)(8).

Author information: 
(1)ICAR-National Research Centre on Plant Biotechnology, ICAR-Indian Agricultural
Research Institute, New Delhi, 110012, India.
(2)Division of Crop Improvement, ICAR-Central Tuber Crops Research Institute,
Thiruvananthapuram, 695017, India.
(3)TERI-Deakin Nanobiotechnology Centre, Gurgaon, 122 001, India.
(4)ICMR-All India Institute of Medical Science, Ansari Nagar, New Delhi, 110029, 
India.
(5)Division of Plant Physiology, ICAR-Indian Agricultural Research Institute, New
Delhi, 110012, India.
(6)Division of Genetics, ICAR-Indian Agricultural Research Institute, New Delhi, 
110012, India.
(7)ICAR-National Research Centre on Plant Biotechnology, ICAR-Indian Agricultural
Research Institute, New Delhi, 110012, India. kc.bansal@teri.res.in.
(8)TERI-Deakin Nanobiotechnology Centre, Gurgaon, 122 001, India.
kc.bansal@teri.res.in.

Photosynthetic fixation of CO2 is more efficient in C4 than in C3 plants. Rice is
a C3 plant and a potential target for genetic engineering of the C4 pathway. It
is known that genes encoding C4 enzymes are present in C3 plants. However, no
systematic analysis has been conducted to determine if these C4 gene family
members are expressed in diverse rice genotypes. In this study, we identified 15 
genes belonging to the five C4 gene families in rice genome through BLAST search 
using known maize C4 photosynthetic pathway genes. Phylogenetic relationship of
rice C4 photosynthetic pathway genes and their isoforms with other grass genomes 
(Brachypodium, maize, Sorghum and Setaria), showed that these genes were highly
conserved across grass genomes. Spatiotemporal, hormone, and abiotic stress
specific expression pattern of the identified genes revealed constitutive as well
as inductive responses of the C4 photosynthetic pathway in different tissues and 
developmental stages of rice. Expression levels of C4 specific gene family
members in flag leaf during tillering stage were quantitatively analyzed in five 
rice genotypes covering three species, viz. Oryza sativa, ssp. japonica (cv.
Nipponbare), Oryza sativa, ssp. indica (cv IR64, Swarna), and two wild species
Oryza barthii and Oryza australiensis. The results showed that all the identified
genes expressed in rice and exhibited differential expression pattern during
different growth stages, and in response to biotic and abiotic stress conditions 
and hormone treatments. Our study concludes that C4 photosynthetic pathway genes 
present in rice play a crucial role in stress regulation and might act as targets
for C4 pathway engineering via CRISPR-mediated breeding.

DOI: 10.1007/s12010-018-2809-0 
PMID: 29915917 


81. Int Urol Nephrol. 2018 Jun 18. doi: 10.1007/s11255-018-1911-0. [Epub ahead of
print]

Down-regulation of GRP78 alleviates lipopolysaccharide-induced acute kidney
injury.

Teng J(1), Liu M(2), Su Y(1), Li K(1), Sui N(1), Wang S(1), Li L(1), Sun Y(1),
Wang Y(3).

Author information: 
(1)Department of Critical Care Medicine, The Affiliated Hospital of Qingdao
University, Qingdao, China.
(2)Department of Clinical Laboratory, The Affiliated Hospital of Qingdao
University, Qingdao, China.
(3)Department of Emergency Medicine, The Affiliated hospital of Qingdao
University, 16 Jiangsu Road, Qingdao, 266003, China. yongbinwang82wby@163.com.

PURPOSE: Acute kidney injury (AKI) is accompanied with life-threatening sepsis.
It is necessary to develop effective therapy agent or strategy for treating AKI. 
LPS is a primary pathogenic factor that induces sepsis. Glucose-regulated protein
78 (GRP78) is closely related to cell injuries. The objective of this study was
to examine the role of GRP78 in LPS-induced AKI.
METHODS: Cell counting kit-8 (CCK-8) assay and flow cytometry (FCM) were
respectively performed to assess the cell viability and apoptosis. Available
commercial kits were used to detect the reactive oxygen species (ROS) contents
and the activity of oxidative indicators. The expressions of the relevant factors
were determined by real-time PCR (RT-PCR) and Western blot.
RESULTS: The results showed that the expression of GRP78 was apparently increased
by LPS treatment, and that the down-regulation of GRP78 by small RNA interference
improved the proliferation ability of renal cells in comparison to LPS group. The
LPS-induced immune response and oxidative stress was alleviated by the depletion 
of GRP78. Moreover, the LPS-induced apoptosis was reduced in the GRP78 group by
regulating the expression of mitochondrial apoptosis (Bcl-2, Bax) and endoplasmic
reticulum (ER) stress (CHOP, caspase-12)-associated proteins. In addition, the
protective role of GRP78 reduction was partly related to the balance of
NF-£eB/I£eB.
CONCLUSIONS: Down-regulation of GRP78 attenuated LPS-induced AKI through
inhibiting immune response/oxidative stress-associated apoptosis.

DOI: 10.1007/s11255-018-1911-0 
PMID: 29915879 


82. Funct Integr Genomics. 2018 Jun 18. doi: 10.1007/s10142-018-0616-x. [Epub ahead
of print]

Differential expression of miR-let7a in hair follicle cycle of Liaoning cashmere 
goats and identification of its targets.

Ma T(1), Li J(2), Jiang Q(1), Wu S(1), Jiang H(3), Zhang Q(4)(5).

Author information: 
(1)College of Veterinary Medicine, Jilin University, Changchun, 130062, China.
(2)College of Animal Science and Technology, Jilin Agricultural Science and
Technology University, Jilin, 132101, China.
(3)College of Animal Science and Technology, Jilin Agricultural University,
Changchun, 130118, China.
(4)College of Veterinary Medicine, Jilin University, Changchun, 130062, China.
zql@jlu.edu.cn.
(5), Changchun, China. zql@jlu.edu.cn.

In order to improve the production and quality of Chinese cashmere, the research 
of hair follicle development has aroused more and more attention; the regulation 
mechanism of miRNA in hair follicle development has become a hot spot. A survey
of transcriptome profiling screened 10 hair follicle-related miRNAs that were
differentially expressed, including miR-let7a. In this study, the expression of
miR-let7a was lower in anagen of hair follicle of cashmere goats than that in
catagen of hair follicle of cashmere goats (p?<?0.01). Results were in accordance
with transcriptome data. The expression patterns of miR-let7a target genes
(IGF-1R, C-myc, and FGF5) were verified by qRT-PCR, which were consistent with
the results of Western blot and showed a downward trend. The dual-luciferase
reporter gene system was used to verify the correlation between the expression of
miR-let7a and its target genes, and it showed that miR-let7a negatively
correlates with C-myc and FGF5. Present study offers new information on miRNAs
and their related target genes in the regulation of hair follicle development
mechanism.

DOI: 10.1007/s10142-018-0616-x 
PMID: 29915875 


83. Brain Struct Funct. 2018 Jun 18. doi: 10.1007/s00429-018-1692-3. [Epub ahead of
print]

Ablation of the presynaptic organizer Bassoon in excitatory neurons retards
dentate gyrus maturation and enhances learning performance.

Annamneedi A(1), Caliskan G(2)(3), Muller S(1), Montag D(4)(3), Budinger E(5)(3),
Angenstein F(6)(3)(7), Fejtova A(1)(8)(3)(9), Tischmeyer W(3)(10), Gundelfinger
ED(1)(3)(11), Stork O(12)(13).

Author information: 
(1)Department of Neurochemistry and Molecular Biology, Leibniz Institute for
Neurobiology, Magdeburg, Germany.
(2)Department of Genetics and Molecular Neurobiology, Institute of Biology,
Otto-von-Guericke-University, Magdeburg, Germany.
(3)Center for Behavioral Brain Sciences (CBBS), Magdeburg, Germany.
(4)Neurogenetics Laboratory, Leibniz Institute for Neurobiology, Magdeburg,
Germany.
(5)Department of Systems Physiology of Learning, Leibniz Institute for
Neurobiology, Magdeburg, Germany.
(6)Special Laboratory Noninvasive Brain Imaging, Leibniz Institute for
Neurobiology, Magdeburg, Germany.
(7)Functional Neuroimaging Group, German Center for Neurodegenerative Diseases,
Magdeburg, Germany.
(8)RG Presynaptic Plasticity, Leibniz Institute for Neurobiology, Magdeburg,
Germany.
(9)Department of Psychiatry and Psychotherapy, University Hospital,
Friedrich-Alexander-University Erlangen-Nuremberg, Erlangen, Germany.
(10)Special Laboratory Molecular Biological Techniques, Leibniz Institute for
Neurobiology, Magdeburg, Germany.
(11)Molecular Neuroscience, Medical School, Otto von Guericke University,
Magdeburg, Germany.
(12)Department of Genetics and Molecular Neurobiology, Institute of Biology,
Otto-von-Guericke-University, Magdeburg, Germany. oliver.stork@ovgu.de.
(13)Center for Behavioral Brain Sciences (CBBS), Magdeburg, Germany.
oliver.stork@ovgu.de.

Bassoon is a large scaffolding protein of the presynaptic active zone involved in
the development of presynaptic terminals and in the regulation of
neurotransmitter release at both excitatory and inhibitory brain synapses. Mice
with constitutive ablation of the Bassoon (Bsn) gene display impaired presynaptic
function, show sensory deficits and develop severe seizures. To specifically
study the role of Bassoon at excitatory forebrain synapses and its relevance for 
control of behavior, we generated conditional knockout (Bsn cKO) mice by gene
ablation through an Emx1 promoter-driven Cre recombinase. In these animals, we
confirm selective loss of Bassoon from glutamatergic neurons of the forebrain.
Behavioral assessment revealed that, in comparison to wild-type littermates, Bsn 
cKO mice display selectively enhanced contextual fear memory and increased
novelty preference in a spatial discrimination/pattern separation task. These
changes are accompanied by an augmentation of baseline synaptic transmission at
medial perforant path to dentate gyrus (DG) synapses, as indicated by increased
ratios of field excitatory postsynaptic potential slope to fiber volley
amplitude. At the structural level, an increased complexity of apical dendrites
of DG granule cells can be detected in Bsn cKO mice. In addition, alterations in 
the expression of cellular maturation markers and a lack of age-dependent
decrease in excitability between juvenile and adult Bsn cKO mice are observed.
Our data suggest that expression of Bassoon in excitatory forebrain neurons is
required for the normal maturation of the DG and important for spatial and
contextual memory.

DOI: 10.1007/s00429-018-1692-3 
PMID: 29915867 


84. Saudi Med J. 2018 Jun;39(6):558-563. doi: 10.15537/smj.2018.6.22950.

Regulation of Lipocalin-2 oncogene and its impact on gene polymorphisms on breast
cancer patients in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia.

Linjawi S(1), AlGaithy Z, Sindi S, Hamdi N, Linjawi A, Alharbi M.

Author information: 
(1)Biology Department, Faculty of Science, Faculty of Medicine, King Abdulaziz
University, Jeddah, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. E-mail. slinjawi@kau.edu.sa.

OBJECTIVES: To identify the impact of Lipocalin-2 (LCN2) gene polymorphisms on
breast cancer patients in western Saudi Arabia.
METHODS: It is a case control study in which blood samples of participants from
Medical Reference Clinics and King Abdulaziz University Hospital in Jeddah, Saudi
Arabia have been taken between 2014 and 2016. This study recruited 128
participants (50% control, 50% patients) and used Tetra-Primer
amplification-refractory mutation system-polymerase chain reaction method for the
detection of missense SNP (rs11556770). The study measured LCN2 plasma protein
expression by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay technique.?Results: The results
have shown that 100% of the genotypes were normal allele (G/G). In contrast,
the?plasma level of LCN2 was considerably elevated among patients as compared to 
control (p=0.001), and higher in invasive ductal carcinoma patients (p=0.001).
The LCN2 protein expression in plasma level was significantly elevated among
patients, particularly who demonstrated invasive ductal carcinoma.?Conclusion:
There is no significant relationship between breast cancer patients and LCN2 gene
polymorphisms ? (rs11556770).

DOI: 10.15537/smj.2018.6.22950 
PMID: 29915849 


85. Circ Genom Precis Med. 2018 Feb;11(2). pii: e001946. Epub 2018 Jan 30.

From Genotype to Phenotype: A Primer on the Functional Follow-up of Genome-Wide
Association Studies in Cardiovascular Disease.

Lin J(1)(2), Musunuru K(3).

Author information: 
(1)Division of Nephrology and Hypertension, Department of Medicine, Northwestern 
University Feinberg School of Medicine, Chicago, IL.
(2)Feinberg Cardiovascular Research Institute, Northwestern University Feinberg
School of Medicine, Chicago, IL.
(3)Division of Cardiovascular Medicine, Department of Medicine, Cardiovascular
Institute, Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania,
Philadelphia, PA.

Genome-wide association studies (GWASs) have implicated many human genomic loci
in the development of complex traits. The loci identified by these studies are
potentially involved in novel pathways that contribute to disease
pathophysiology. However, eventual therapeutic targeting of these pathways relies
on bridging the gap between genetic association and function, a task that first
requires validation of causal genetic variants, casual genes, and directionality 
of effect. Executing this task requires basic knowledge of interpreting GWAS
results and prioritizing candidates for further study, in addition to
understanding the experimental methods available for evaluating candidate
variants. Here we review the basic genetic principles of genome-wide association 
studies, the computational and experimental tools used for identifying causal
variants and genes, and salient illustrative examples of how cardiovascular loci 
have undergone functional investigation.


PMID: 29915816 


86. PeerJ. 2018 Jun 14;6:e4945. doi: 10.7717/peerj.4945. eCollection 2018.

Changes in DNA methylation assessed by genomic bisulfite sequencing suggest a
role for DNA methylation in cotton fruiting branch development.

Sun Q(#)(1)(2), Qiao J(#)(1), Zhang S(1), He S(1), Shi Y(3), Yuan Y(3), Zhang
X(1)(3), Cai Y(1).

Author information: 
(1)Henan University, State Key Laboratory of Cotton Biology, Henan Key Laboratory
of Plant Stress Biology, School of Life Sciences, School of Computer and
Information Engineering, Kaifeng, Henan, China.
(2)Chongqing University of Posts and Telecommunications, College of
Bioinformation, ChongQing, China.
(3)Cotton Institute, Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences, Anyang, Henan,
China.
(#)Contributed equally

Cotton plant architecture, including fruit branch formation and flowering
pattern, influences plant light exploitation, cotton yield and planting cost. DNA
methylation has been widely observed at different developmental stages in both
plants and animals and is associated with regulation of gene expression,
chromatin remodelling, genome protection and other functions. Here, we
investigated the global epigenetic reprogramming during the development of
fruiting branches and floral buds at three developmental stages: the seedling
stage, the pre-squaring stage and the squaring stage. We first identified 22
cotton genes which potentially encode DNA methyltransferases and demethylases.
Among them, the homologous genes of CMT, DRM2 and MET1 were upregulated at
pre-squaring and squaring stages, suggesting that DNA methylation is involved in 
the development of floral buds and fruit branches. Although the global
methylation at all of three developmental stages was not changed, the CHG-type
methylation of non-expressed genes was higher than those of expressed genes. In
addition, we found that the expression of the homologous genes of the key
circadian rhythm regulators, including CRY, LHY and CO, was associated with
changes of DNA methylation at three developmental stages.

DOI: 10.7717/peerj.4945 
PMCID: PMC6004305
PMID: 29915693 

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no competing
interests.


87. PeerJ. 2018 Jun 14;6:e4942. doi: 10.7717/peerj.4942. eCollection 2018.

Establishment of a 12-gene expression signature to predict colon cancer
prognosis.

Sun D(#)(1), Chen J(#)(2), Liu L(#)(3), Zhao G(4), Dong P(1), Wu B(5), Wang J(6),
Dong L(1).

Author information: 
(1)Department of Gastroenterology and Hepatology, Zhongshan Hospital, Fudan
University, Shanghai, China.
(2)Department of Neurology, Shanghai Fifth People's Hospital, Fudan University,
Shanghai, China.
(3)Department of Hepatic Surgery, Liver Cancer Institute, and Key Laboratory of
Carcinogenesis and Cancer Invasion (Ministry of Education), Zhongshan Hospital,
Fudan University, Shanghai, China.
(4)Department of Gastroenterology, Shanghai East Hospital, Tongji University
School of Medicine, Shanghai, China.
(5)Key Laboratory of Glycoconjugate Research Ministry of Public Health,
Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Shanghai Medical College, Fudan
University, Shanghai, China.
(6)Guangzhou Institute of Pediatrics, Guangzhou Women and Children's Medical
Center, Guangzhou Medical University, Guangzhou, Guangdong Province, China.
(#)Contributed equally

A robust and accurate gene expression signature is essential to assist
oncologists to determine which subset of patients at similar Tumor-Lymph
Node-Metastasis (TNM) stage has high recurrence risk and could benefit from
adjuvant therapies. Here we applied a two-step supervised machine-learning method
and established a 12-gene expression signature to precisely predict colon
adenocarcinoma (COAD) prognosis by using COAD RNA-seq transcriptome data from The
Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA). The predictive performance of the 12-gene signature
was validated with two independent gene expression microarray datasets: GSE39582 
includes 566 COAD cases for the development of six molecular subtypes with
distinct clinical, molecular and survival characteristics; GSE17538 is a dataset 
containing 232 colon cancer patients for the generation of a metastasis gene
expression profile to predict recurrence and death in COAD patients. The
signature could effectively separate the poor prognosis patients from good
prognosis group (disease specific survival (DSS): Kaplan Meier (KM) Log Rank p = 
0.0034; overall survival (OS): KM Log Rank p = 0.0336) in GSE17538. For patients 
with proficient mismatch repair system (pMMR) in GSE39582, the signature could
also effectively distinguish high risk group from low risk group (OS: KM Log Rank
p = 0.005; Relapse free survival (RFS): KM Log Rank p = 0.022). Interestingly,
advanced stage patients were significantly enriched in high 12-gene score group
(Fisher's exact test p = 0.0003). After stage stratification, the signature could
still distinguish poor prognosis patients in GSE17538 from good prognosis within 
stage II (Log Rank p?=?0.01) and stage II & III (Log Rank p = 0.017) in the
outcome of DFS. Within stage III or II/III pMMR patients treated with Adjuvant
Chemotherapies (ACT) and patients with higher 12-gene score showed poorer
prognosis (III, OS: KM Log Rank p = 0.046; III & II, OS: KM Log Rank p = 0.041). 
Among stage II/III pMMR patients with lower 12-gene scores in GSE39582, the
subgroup receiving ACT showed significantly longer OS time compared with those
who received no ACT (Log Rank p = 0.021), while there is no obvious difference
between counterparts among patients with higher 12-gene scores (Log Rank p =
0.12). Besides COAD, our 12-gene signature is multifunctional in several other
cancer types including kidney cancer, lung cancer, uveal and skin melanoma, brain
cancer, and pancreatic cancer. Functional classification showed that seven of the
twelve genes are involved in immune system function and regulation, so our
12-gene signature could potentially be used to guide decisions about adjuvant
therapy for patients with stage II/III and pMMR COAD.

DOI: 10.7717/peerj.4942 
PMCID: PMC6004299
PMID: 29915691 

Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare there are no competing
interests.


88. Front Plant Sci. 2018 Jun 4;9:704. doi: 10.3389/fpls.2018.00704. eCollection
2018.

McMYB10 Modulates the Expression of a Ubiquitin Ligase, McCOP1 During Leaf
Coloration in Crabapple.

Li KT(1)(2)(3), Zhang J(1)(2)(3), Kang YH(1)(2)(3), Chen MC(1)(2)(3), Song
TT(1)(2)(3), Geng H(1)(2)(3), Tian J(1)(2)(3), Yao YC(1)(2)(3).

Author information: 
(1)Department of Plant Science and Technology, Beijing University of Agriculture,
Beijing, China.
(2)Key Laboratory of New Technology in Agricultural Application of Beijing,
Beijing University of Agriculture, Beijing, China.
(3)Beijing Collaborative Innovation Center for Eco-Environmental Improvement with
Forestry and Fruit Trees, Beijing, China.

In higher plants, anthocyanins are protective secondary metabolites, which
contribute to the color of leaves, stems, flowers, and fruits, and have been
found to have an antioxidant role in human health. In this study, we determined
the expression of McMYB10 and its specific E3 ubiquitin ligase, McCOP1, in
crabapple leaves during the course of a day and in five leaf development stages. 
Interestingly, the results showed that the transcription level of McCOP1 genes
was higher in daylight than at night, and the transcripts of McMYB10 presented a 
positive correlation with the transcription of McCOP1-1 and McCOP1-2 and
anthocyanin accumulation in a crabapple cultivar with red-colored leaves. Several
MYB transcription factor (TF) binding sites of the MYBCORE type were found in the
McCOP1-1 and McCOP1-2 promoters, and we deduced that there may be a relationship 
between McMYB10 and McCOP1-1 and McCOP1-2 at the transcriptional level. Yeast one
hybrid (Y1H) and electrophoretic mobility shift assays (EMSA) demonstrated that
the McMYB10 TF binds specifically to the promoter of McCOP1-1 and McCOP1-2.
Furthermore, increased levels of McMYB10 promoted anthocyanin biosynthesis and
the expression level of McCOP1-1 and McCOP1-2 in crabapple leaves during
continuous light treatments, and overexpression or silencing of McMYB10 in
crabapple leaves and apple fruits also result in an increase or decrease,
respectively, in the expression of McCOP1-1 and McCOP1-2 and in anthocyanin
biosynthesis. Our results reveal a new self-regulation mechanism in where McMYB10
modulates its own expression by activating McCOP1-1 and McCOP1-2 expression to
promote ubiquitination of the McMYB10 protein by McCOP1.

DOI: 10.3389/fpls.2018.00704 
PMCID: PMC5994411
PMID: 29915606 


89. Front Immunol. 2018 Jun 4;9:1241. doi: 10.3389/fimmu.2018.01241. eCollection
2018.

Behavioral Fever Drives Epigenetic Modulation of the Immune Response in Fish.

Boltana S(1), Aguilar A(1), Sanhueza N(1), Donoso A(1), Mercado L(2), Imarai
M(3), Mackenzie S(4).

Author information: 
(1)Interdisciplinary Center for Aquaculture Research (INCAR), Department of
Oceanography, Biotechnology Center, University of Concepcion, Concepcion, Chile.
(2)Grupo de Marcadores Inmunologicos, Facultad de Ciencias, Instituto de
Biologia, Pontificia Universidad Catolica de Valparaiso, Valparaiso, Chile.
(3)Laboratory of Immunology, Center of Aquatic Biotechnology, Department of
Biology, Faculty of Chemistry and Biology, University of Santiago of Chile,
Santiago, Chile.
(4)Institute of Aquaculture, University of Stirling, Stirling, United Kingdom.

Ectotherms choose the best thermal conditions to mount a successful immune
response, a phenomenon known as behavioral fever. The cumulative evidence
suggests that behavioral fever impacts positively upon lymphocyte proliferation, 
inflammatory cytokine expression, and other immune functions. In this study, we
have explored how thermal choice during infection impacts upon underpinning
molecular processes and how temperature increase is coupled to the immune
response. Our results show that behavioral fever results in a widespread, plastic
imprint on gene regulation, and lymphocyte proliferation. We further explored the
possible contribution of histone modification and identified global associations 
between temperature and histone changes that suggest epigenetic remodeling as a
result of behavioral fever. Together, these results highlight the critical
importance of thermal choice in mobile ectotherms, particularly in response to an
infection, and demonstrate the key role of epigenetic modification to orchestrate
the thermocoupling of the immune response during behavioral fever.

DOI: 10.3389/fimmu.2018.01241 
PMCID: PMC5994863
PMID: 29915591 


90. Front Immunol. 2018 Jun 4;9:1232. doi: 10.3389/fimmu.2018.01232. eCollection
2018.

Glucocorticoid-Induced Leucine Zipper: Fine-Tuning of Dendritic Cells Function.

Vetillard M(1), Schlecht-Louf G(1).

Author information: 
(1)UMR996-Inflammation, Chimiokines et Immunopathologie, INSERM, Faculte de
medecine, Univ Paris-Sud, Universite Paris-Saclay, Clamart, France.

Dendritic cells (DCs) are key antigen-presenting cells that control the induction
of both tolerance and immunity. Understanding the molecular mechanisms regulating
DCs commitment toward a regulatory- or effector-inducing profile is critical for 
better designing prophylactic and therapeutic approaches. Initially identified in
dexamethasone-treated thymocytes, the glucocorticoid-induced leucine zipper
(GILZ) protein has emerged as a critical factor mediating most, but not all,
glucocorticoids effects in both non-immune and immune cells. This intracellular
protein exerts pleiotropic effects through interactions with transcription
factors and signaling proteins, thus modulating signal transduction and gene
expression. GILZ has been reported to control the proliferation, survival, and
differentiation of lymphocytes, while its expression confers anti-inflammatory
phenotype to monocytes and macrophages. In the past twelve years, a growing set
of data has also established that GILZ expression in DCs is a molecular switch
controlling their T-cell-priming capacity. Here, after a brief presentation of
GILZ isoforms and functions, we summarize current knowledge regarding GILZ
expression and regulation in DCs, in both health and disease. We further present 
the functional consequences of GILZ expression on DCs capacity to prime effector 
or regulatory T-cell responses and highlight recent findings pointing to a
broader role of GILZ in the fine tuning of antigen capture, processing, and
presentation by DCs. Finally, we discuss future prospects regarding the possible 
roles for GILZ in the control of DCs function in the steady state and in the
context of infections and chronic pathologies.

DOI: 10.3389/fimmu.2018.01232 
PMCID: PMC5994841
PMID: 29915587 


91. Front Endocrinol (Lausanne). 2018 Jun 4;9:307. doi: 10.3389/fendo.2018.00307.
eCollection 2018.

Immunological Profile and Predisposition to Autoimmunity in Girls With Turner
Syndrome.

Gawlik AM(1), Berdej-Szczot E(1), Blat D(2), Klekotka R(2), Gawlik T(3),
Blaszczyk E(1), Hankus M(1), Malecka-Tendera E(1).

Author information: 
(1)Department of Paediatrics and Paediatric Endocrinology, School of Medicine in 
Katowice, Medical University of Silesia, Katowice, Poland.
(2)Department of Laboratory Diagnostics, Upper-Silesian Paediatric Health Centre,
Katowice, Poland.
(3)Nuclear Medicine and Endocrine Oncology Department, Maria Sk?odowska-Curie
Memorial Institute and Cancer Centre, Gliwice Branch, Gliwice, Poland.

Objective: The risk of autoimmune diseases (AD) in patients with Turner Syndrome 
(TS) is twice higher than in the general female population and four times higher 
than in the male population. The causes of the increased incidence of AD in TS
are still under discussion. We hypothesized the presence of a specific humoral,
cellular, and regulatory T cell (Treg) immunity profile which predisposes to AD, 
disorders of immunity, and disorders of immune regulation.
Methods: The study encompassed 37 girls with TS and with no signs of infection.
The control group included 11 healthy girls with no hormonal disorders. A medical
history focused on AD and immunity disorders was taken from all participants. The
levels of: immunoglobulins IgG, IgA, IgM, total lymphocytes, lymphocytes
subpopulations CD3+, CD4+, CD8+, CD19+, natural killer cells, Treg cells (CD4+
CD25+ CD127- FOXP3+), anti-inflammatory cytokines (interleukin-10, transforming
growth factor-£]), anti-nuclear antibodies, glutamic acid decarboxylase (GAD65
Abs), anti-thyroid peroxidase (anti-TPO Ab), and anti-thyroglobulin (anti-TG Ab) 
autoantibodies were determined in each participant.
Results: The mean age and BMI in the TS group and in controls were comparable
(11.9?¡Ó?4.1 vs. 12.5?¡Ó?4.0?years; 19.2?¡Ó?3.4 vs. 19.7?¡Ó?4.6, p?>?0.05). Mean hSDS
was significantly higher in controls (-2.2?¡Ó?0.9 vs. -0.4?¡Ó?1.5, p?<?0.0001). AD 
and recurrent otitis media with complications were previously confirmed in 9
(24.3%) and 10 (27.0%) girls with TS. The TS group had significantly lower levels
of IgG (p?=?0.02), lower%CD4 (p?<?0.001) and a significantly lower CD4:CD8 ratio 
than the controls (p?<?0.001). There were no differences in mean Treg% between
girls with TS and healthy controls. However, comparing Treg% between the TS group
with coexisting autoimmunity and the remaining participants, a statistically
significant difference was observed (2.09?¡Ó?0.5 vs. 2.77?¡Ó?1.6, p?=?0.048).
Patients with iXq had lower CD4% and more frequently had positive anti-TPO Ab and
anti-TG Ab compared to the remaining girls with TS and controls (p?=?0.001,
p?<?0.001, p?=?0.01).
Conclusion: TS predisposes to AD, especially if associated with coexisting iXq.
Our preliminary findings show that patients with TS may present a specific
profile of humoral and cellular immunity markers, different from healthy girls.

DOI: 10.3389/fendo.2018.00307 
PMCID: PMC5994731
PMID: 29915563 


92. Front Endocrinol (Lausanne). 2018 Jun 4;9:298. doi: 10.3389/fendo.2018.00298.
eCollection 2018.

Abnormal Growth and Feeding Behavior in Upper Airway Obstruction in Rats.

Tarasiuk A(1)(2), Segev Y(3).

Author information: 
(1)Sleep-Wake Disorders Unit, Soroka University Medical Center, Beer-Sheva,
Israel.
(2)Department of Physiology, Faculty of Health Sciences, Ben-Gurion University of
the Negev, Beer-Sheva, Israel.
(3)Shraga Segal Department of Microbiology and Immunology, Ben-Gurion University 
of the Negev, Beer-Sheva, Israel.

Pediatric obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) is a syndrome manifesting with snoring
and increased respiratory effort due to increased upper airway resistance. In
addition to cause the abnormal sleep, this syndrome has been shown to elicit
either growth retardation or metabolic syndrome and obesity. Treating OSA by
adenotonsillectomy is usually associated with increased risk for obesity, despite
near complete restoration of breathing and sleep. However, the underlying
mechanism linking upper airways obstruction (AO) to persistent change in food
intake, metabolism, and growth remains unclear. Rodent models have examined the
impact of intermittent hypoxia on metabolism. However, an additional defining
feature of OSA that is not related to intermittent hypoxia is enhanced
respiratory loading leading to increased respiratory effort and abnormal sleep.
The focus of this mini review is on recent evidence indicating the persistent
abnormalities in endocrine regulation of feeding and growth that are not fully
restored by the chronic upper AO removal in rats. Here, we highlight important
aspects related to abnormal regulation of metabolism that are not related to
intermittent hypoxia per se, in an animal model that mimics many of the clinical 
features of pediatric OSA. Our evidence from the AO model indicates that
obstruction removal may not be sufficient to prevent the post-removal tendency
for abnormal growth.

DOI: 10.3389/fendo.2018.00298 
PMCID: PMC5994397
PMID: 29915561 


93. Front Neurol. 2018 Jun 4;9:402. doi: 10.3389/fneur.2018.00402. eCollection 2018.

Enhanced Positive Emotional Reactivity Undermines Empathy in Behavioral Variant
Frontotemporal Dementia.

Hua AY(1), Sible IJ(2), Perry DC(2), Rankin KP(2), Kramer JH(2), Miller BL(2),
Rosen HJ(2), Sturm VE(2).

Author information: 
(1)Department of Psychology, University of California, Berkeley, Berkeley, CA,
United States.
(2)Department of Neurology, Memory and Aging Center, University of California,
San Francisco, San Francisco, CA, United States.

Behavioral variant frontotemporal dementia (bvFTD) is a neurodegenerative disease
characterized by profound changes in emotions and empathy. Although most patients
with bvFTD become less sensitive to negative emotional cues, some patients become
more sensitive to positive emotional stimuli. We investigated whether
dysregulated positive emotions in bvFTD undermine empathy by making it difficult 
for patients to share (emotional empathy), recognize (cognitive empathy), and
respond (real-world empathy) to emotions in others. Fifty-one participants (26
patients with bvFTD and 25 healthy controls) viewed photographs of neutral,
positive, negative, and self-conscious emotional faces and then identified the
emotions displayed in the photographs. We used facial electromyography to measure
automatic, sub-visible activity in two facial muscles during the task:
Zygomaticus major (ZM), which is active during positive emotional reactions
(i.e., smiling), and Corrugator supercilii (CS), which is active during negative 
emotional reactions (i.e., frowning). Participants rated their baseline positive 
and negative emotional experience before the task, and informants rated
participants' real-world empathic behavior on the Interpersonal Reactivity Index.
The majority of participants also underwent structural magnetic resonance
imaging. A mixed effects model found a significant diagnosis X trial interaction:
patients with bvFTD showed greater ZM reactivity to neutral, negative (disgust
and surprise), self-conscious (proud), and positive (happy) faces than healthy
controls. There was no main effect of diagnosis or diagnosis X trial interaction 
on CS reactivity. Compared to healthy controls, patients with bvFTD had impaired 
emotion recognition. Multiple regression analyses revealed that greater ZM
reactivity predicted worse negative emotion recognition and worse real-world
empathy. At baseline, positive emotional experience was higher in bvFTD than
healthy controls and also predicted worse negative emotion recognition.
Voxel-based morphometry analyses found that smaller volume in the thalamus,
midcingulate cortex, posterior insula, anterior temporal pole, amygdala,
precentral gyrus, and inferior frontal gyrus-structures that support emotion
generation, interoception, and emotion regulation-was associated with greater ZM 
reactivity in bvFTD. These findings suggest that dysregulated positive emotional 
reactivity may relate to reduced empathy in bvFTD by making patients less likely 
to tune their reactions to the social context and to share, recognize, and
respond to others' feelings and needs.

DOI: 10.3389/fneur.2018.00402 
PMCID: PMC5994409
PMID: 29915557 


94. Front Physiol. 2018 Jun 4;9:660. doi: 10.3389/fphys.2018.00660. eCollection 2018.

Corazonin Signaling Is Required in the Male for Sperm Transfer in the Oriental
Fruit Fly Bactrocera dorsalis.

Hou QL(1)(2), Chen EH(1)(2), Jiang HB(1)(2), Yu SF(1), Yang PJ(1), Liu XQ(1)(2), 
Park Y(3), Wang JJ(1)(2), Smagghe G(1)(2)(4).

Author information: 
(1)Key Laboratory of Entomology and Pest Control Engineering, College of Plant
Protection, Southwest University, Chongqing, China.
(2)Academy of Agricultural Sciences, Southwest University, Chongqing, China.
(3)Department of Entomology, Kansas State University, Manhattan, KS, United
States.
(4)Department of Plants and Crops, Ghent University, Ghent, Belgium.

Corazonin (Crz) is a widely distributed neuropeptide (or neurohormone) in insects
with diverse physiological functions. The present study aimed to reveal the
functions of Crz and its receptor (CrzR) in the regulation of sexual behavior and
fertility in male Bactrocera dorsalis. Tissue-specific expression analyses showed
that the BdCrz transcript was most abundant in the central nervous system (CNS), 
and the BdCrzR transcript was most abundant in both the fat body and CNS.
Immunochemical localization confirmed that three pairs of Crz-immunoreactive
neurons are located in the dorsolateral protocerebrum region of male adult brain.
Importantly, RNAi-mediated Crz knockdown lengthened mating duration in males, and
knockdown of Crz or CrzR strongly decreased male fertility in the following 3
days, while the courtship behavior and mating efficiency were not affected. The
reduced number of sperm in the reproductive organs of mated females indicated
that Crz knockdown in males reduced sperm transfer. The findings of this study
indicate that Crz contributes to the reproductive physiology of the oriental
fruit fly B. dorsalis by regulating sperm transfer in male adults.

DOI: 10.3389/fphys.2018.00660 
PMCID: PMC5994612
PMID: 29915542 


95. Oncogene. 2018 Jun 18. doi: 10.1038/s41388-018-0348-3. [Epub ahead of print]

The dynamic and stress-adaptive signaling hub of 14-3-3: emerging mechanisms of
regulation and context-dependent protein-protein interactions.

Pennington KL(1), Chan TY(1), Torres MP(2), Andersen JL(3).

Author information: 
(1)Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry, Brigham Young University, Provo, UT,
USA.
(2)School of Biological Sciences, Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, GA,
USA.
(3)Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry, Brigham Young University, Provo, UT,
USA. jandersen@chem.byu.edu.

14-3-3 proteins are a family of structurally similar phospho-binding proteins
that regulate essentially every major cellular function. Decades of research on
14-3-3s have revealed a remarkable network of interacting proteins that
demonstrate how 14-3-3s integrate and control multiple signaling pathways. In
particular, these interactions place 14-3-3 at the center of the signaling hub
that governs critical processes in cancer, including apoptosis, cell cycle
progression, autophagy, glucose metabolism, and cell motility. Historically, the 
majority of 14-3-3 interactions have been identified and studied under
nutrient-replete cell culture conditions, which has revealed important nutrient
driven interactions. However, this underestimates the reach of 14-3-3s. Indeed,
the loss of nutrients, growth factors, or changes in other environmental
conditions (e.g., genotoxic stress) will not only lead to the loss of homeostatic
14-3-3 interactions, but also trigger new interactions, many of which are likely 
stress adaptive. This dynamic nature of the 14-3-3 interactome is beginning to
come into focus as advancements in mass spectrometry are helping to probe deeper 
and identify context-dependent 14-3-3 interactions-providing a window into
adaptive phosphorylation-driven cellular mechanisms that orchestrate the tumor
cell's response to a variety of environmental conditions including hypoxia and
chemotherapy. In this review, we discuss emerging 14-3-3 regulatory mechanisms
with a focus on post-translational regulation of 14-3-3 and dynamic
protein-protein interactions that illustrate 14-3-3's role as a stress-adaptive
signaling hub in cancer.

DOI: 10.1038/s41388-018-0348-3 
PMID: 29915393 


96. Nat Struct Mol Biol. 2018 Jun 18. doi: 10.1038/s41594-018-0081-1. [Epub ahead of 
print]

Elisa Izaurralde 1959-2018.

Hentze MW(1), Valcarcel J(2).

Author information: 
(1)Director of the European Molecular Biology Laboratory (EMBL), Heidelberg,
Germany. hentze@embl.de.
(2)President of the RNA Society, Center for Genomic Regulation, Universitat
Pompeu Fabra, Barcelona, Spain.

DOI: 10.1038/s41594-018-0081-1 
PMID: 29915387 


97. Int J Obes (Lond). 2018 Jun 18. doi: 10.1038/s41366-018-0126-x. [Epub ahead of
print]

Ghrelin reductions following bariatric surgery were associated with decreased
resting state activity in the hippocampus.

Zhang Y(1), Ji G(2), Li G(3), Hu Y(3), Liu L(3), Jin Q(3), Meng Q(3), Zhao
J(3)(4), Yuan K(3), Liu J(3), von Deneen KM(3), Chen A(5), Cui G(6), Wang H(7),
Zhao Q(8), Wu K(8), Tian J(3)(9), Manza P(10), Tomasi D(10), Volkow ND(10), Nie
Y(8), Wang GJ(11).

Author information: 
(1)Center for Brain Imaging, School of Life Science and Technology, Xidian
University, Xi'an, Shaanxi, 710071, China. yizhang@xidian.edu.cn.
(2)Xijing Gastrointestinal Hospital, The Fourth Military Medical University,
Xi'an, Shaanxi, 710032, China. yongznie@fmmu.edu.cn.
(3)Center for Brain Imaging, School of Life Science and Technology, Xidian
University, Xi'an, Shaanxi, 710071, China.
(4)College of Mechanical and Electronic Engineering, Northwest A&F University,
Yangling, Shaanxi, 712100, China.
(5)Department of Psychology, Southwest University, Chongqing, 400715, China.
(6)Department of Radiology, Tangdu Hospital, The Fourth Military Medical
University, Xi'an, Shaanxi, 710038, China.
(7)Depart of Psychiatry, Xijing Hospital, The Fourth Military Medical University,
Xi'an, Shaanxi, 710032, China.
(8)Xijing Gastrointestinal Hospital, The Fourth Military Medical University,
Xi'an, Shaanxi, 710032, China.
(9)Institute of Automation, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, 100190, China.
(10)Laboratory of Neuroimaging, National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and
Alcoholism, Bethesda, MD, 20892, USA.
(11)Laboratory of Neuroimaging, National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and
Alcoholism, Bethesda, MD, 20892, USA. gene-jack.wang@nih.gov.

BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVE: Laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy (LSG) is an effective
bariatric surgery to treat obesity, and involves removal of the gastric fundus
where ghrelin is mainly produced. Ghrelin stimulates appetite and regulates food 
intake through its effect on the hypothalamus and hippocampus (HIPP). While
ghrelin's role on the hypothalamus has been explored, little is known about its
role on HIPP. We tested the hypothesis that LSG-induced reductions in ghrelin
levels would be associated with changes in HIPP activity.
SUBJECTS/METHODS: Brain activity was measured with amplitude of low-frequency
fluctuations (ALFF) captured with resting-state functional magnetic resonance
imaging (fMRI) in 30 obese participants, both before and after 1-month of LSG,
and in 26 obese controls without surgery that were studied at baseline and
1-month later. A two-way analysis of variance (ANOVA) was performed to model the 
group and time effects on ALFF and resting-state functional connectivity.
RESULTS: One-month post-LSG there were significant decreases in appetite, body
mass index (BMI), fasting plasma ghrelin and leptin levels, anxiety, and ALFF in 
HIPP and ALFF increases in posterior cingulate cortex (PCC, PFWE?<?0.05).
Decreases in HIPP ALFF correlated positively with decreases in fasting ghrelin
and anxiety, and increases in PCC ALFF correlated positively with decreases in
anxiety. Seed-voxel correlation analysis showed stronger connectivity between
HIPP and insula, and between PCC and dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC)
post-LSG.
CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest that ghrelin effects in HIPP modulate
connectivity with the insula, which processes interoception and might be relevant
to LSG-induced reductions in appetite/anxiety. Role of LSG in PCC and its
enhanced connectivity with DLPFC in improving self-regulation following LSG
requires further investigation.

DOI: 10.1038/s41366-018-0126-x 
PMID: 29915363 


98. Nat Cell Biol. 2018 Jun 18. doi: 10.1038/s41556-018-0130-3. [Epub ahead of print]

Dynamic kinetochore size regulation promotes microtubule capture and chromosome
biorientation in mitosis.

Sacristan C(1), Ahmad MUD(2), Keller J(3), Fermie J(4), Groenewold V(4), Tromer
E(1), Fish A(2), Melero R(5), Carazo JM(5), Klumperman J(4), Musacchio A(3)(6),
Perrakis A(2), Kops GJ(7).

Author information: 
(1)Oncode Institute, Hubrecht Institute-KNAW and University Medical Center
Utrecht, Utrecht, The Netherlands.
(2)Department of Biochemistry, The Netherlands Cancer Institute, Amsterdam, The
Netherlands.
(3)Department of Mechanistic Cell Biology, Max Planck Institute of Molecular
Physiology, Dortmund, Germany.
(4)Section Cell Biology, Center for Molecular Medicine, University Medical Center
Utrecht, Utrecht University, Utrecht, The Netherlands.
(5)Biocomputing Unit, National Center for Biotechnology (CSIC), Darwin 3, Campus 
Universidad Autonoma, Madrid, Spain.
(6)Centre for Medical Biotechnology, Faculty of Biology, University
Duisburg-Essen, Universitatsstrase, Essen, Germany.
(7)Oncode Institute, Hubrecht Institute-KNAW and University Medical Center
Utrecht, Utrecht, The Netherlands. g.kops@hubrecht.eu.

Faithful chromosome segregation depends on the ability of sister kinetochores to 
attach to spindle microtubules. The outer layer of kinetochores transiently
expands in early mitosis to form a fibrous corona, and compacts following
microtubule capture. Here we show that the dynein adaptor Spindly and the RZZ
(ROD-Zwilch-ZW10) complex drive kinetochore expansion in a dynein-independent
manner. C-terminal farnesylation and MPS1 kinase activity cause conformational
changes of Spindly that promote oligomerization of RZZ-Spindly complexes into a
filamentous meshwork in cells and in vitro. Concurrent with kinetochore
expansion, Spindly potentiates kinetochore compaction by recruiting dynein via
three conserved short linear motifs. Expanded kinetochores unable to compact
engage in extensive, long-lived lateral microtubule interactions that persist to 
metaphase, and result in merotelic attachments and chromosome segregation errors 
in anaphase. Thus, dynamic kinetochore size regulation in mitosis is coordinated 
by a single, Spindly-based mechanism that promotes initial microtubule capture
and subsequent correct maturation of attachments.

DOI: 10.1038/s41556-018-0130-3 
PMID: 29915359 


99. Nat Cell Biol. 2018 Jun 18. doi: 10.1038/s41556-018-0121-4. [Epub ahead of print]

Single-cell characterization of haematopoietic progenitors and their trajectories
in homeostasis and perturbed haematopoiesis.

Giladi A(1), Paul F(1), Herzog Y(2), Lubling Y(2), Weiner A(1), Yofe I(1), Jaitin
D(1), Cabezas-Wallscheid N(3)(4)(5), Dress R(6), Ginhoux F(6), Trumpp A(3), Tanay
A(7), Amit I(8).

Author information: 
(1)Department of Immunology, Weizmann Institute of Science, Rehovot, Israel.
(2)Department of Computer Science and Applied Mathematics, Department of
Biological Regulation, Weizmann Institute of Science, Rehovot, Israel.
(3)Division of Stem Cells and Cancer, Deutsches Krebsforschungszentrum (DKFZ) and
DKFZ-ZMBH Alliance, Heidelberg, Germany.
(4)Heidelberg Institute for Stem Cell Technology and Experimental Medicine
(HI-STEM GmbH), Heidelberg, Germany.
(5)Max Planck Institute of Immunobiology and Epigenetics, Freiburg, Germany.
(6)Singapore Immunology Network (SIgN), Agency for Science, Technology and
Research (A*STAR), Singapore, Singapore.
(7)Department of Computer Science and Applied Mathematics, Department of
Biological Regulation, Weizmann Institute of Science, Rehovot, Israel.
amos.tanay@weizmann.ac.il.
(8)Department of Immunology, Weizmann Institute of Science, Rehovot, Israel.
ido.amit@weizmann.ac.il.

The dynamics of haematopoietic stem cell differentiation and the hierarchy of
oligopotent stem cells in the bone marrow remain controversial. Here we dissect
haematopoietic progenitor populations at single cell resolution, deriving an
unbiased reference model of transcriptional states in normal and perturbed murine
bone marrow. We define the signature of the naive haematopoietic stem cell and
find a continuum of core progenitor states. Core cell populations mix
transcription of pre-myeloid and pre-lymphoid programs, but do not mix erythroid 
or megakaryocyte programs with other fates. CRISP-seq perturbation analysis
confirms our models and reveals that Cebpa regulates entry into all myeloid
fates, while Irf8 and PU.1 deficiency block later differentiation towards
monocyte or granulocyte fates. Our transcriptional map defines a reference
network model for blood progenitors and their differentiation trajectories during
normal and perturbed haematopoiesis.

DOI: 10.1038/s41556-018-0121-4 
PMID: 29915358 


100. Sci Rep. 2018 Jun 18;8(1):9250. doi: 10.1038/s41598-018-27534-7.

Uncovering global metabolic response to cordycepin production in Cordyceps
militaris through transcriptome and genome-scale network-driven analysis.

Raethong N(1), Laoteng K(2), Vongsangnak W(3)(4).

Author information: 
(1)Interdisciplinary Graduate Program in Bioscience, Faculty of Science,
Kasetsart University, Bangkok, 10900, Thailand.
(2)Bioprocess Technology Laboratory, Food Biotechnology Research Unit, National
Center for Genetic Engineering and Biotechnology (BIOTEC), National Science and
Technology Development Agency (NSTDA), Pathum Thani, 12120, Thailand.
(3)Department of Zoology, Faculty of Science, Kasetsart University, Bangkok,
10900, Thailand. wanwipa.v@ku.ac.th.
(4)Computational Biomodelling Laboratory for Agricultural Science and Technology 
(CBLAST), Faculty of Science, Kasetsart University, Bangkok, 10900, Thailand.
wanwipa.v@ku.ac.th.

The cellular metabolic adaptations of Cordyceps militaris have been progressively
studied. In particular, the cordycepin pathway is of interest in medicinal
applications. Even though the metabolic pathways for cordycepin production are
known to be related to different carbon sources, the regulatory mechanisms at a
systems level are poorly characterized. To explore the regulatory mechanisms,
this study therefore aimed to investigate the global metabolic response to
cordycepin production in C. militaris through transcriptome analysis and
genome-scale network-driven analysis. Here, transcriptome analysis of 16,805
expressed genes in C. militaris strain TBRC6039 grown on different carbon sources
was performed. Of these genes, 2,883 were significantly differentially expressed 
genes, uncovering sucrose- and glucose-mediated changes in the transcriptional
regulation of central carbon metabolism in C. militaris, which was shown using
the CmSNF1 mechanism as an example. After applying genome-scale metabolic
network-driven analysis, reporter metabolites and key metabolic subnetworks
involving adenosine, cordycepin and methionine were proposed through the
up-regulation of cordycepin biosynthetic genes. Our findings suggest that the
transcriptional regulation of these pathways is a ubiquitous feature in response 
to speci